The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog
Sphinx of black quartz, judge my vows
Canadian village "Qikiqtarjuaq": better than sex for a lazy pangram writer!
'Hawks MVP QB J. Zorn guilty of bad exchange.
Exclusive: jab DQ'ed monkey prizefighter.
Jack F. would buy the expensive quartz gem.
QVC hymns beguiled ex-jefe Schwartzkopf.
Amazing JV quarterback Phil found way. Six!
Quickly, magic wizard hex-job prevents fun.
G. made a sphinx-like face with quartz, by Jove.
Jack bought a lumpy index of TV quiz answers.
Jack mixed up flossing with very quiet buzz.
Wavering, foxy Jack squeezed into the blimp.
We'd frequently give me back saxophone jazz.
Which damn ex-prez gave Iraq fluke study job?
"Quit your jawing & fix me breakfast," Chaz V. pled.
Flyweight-sized boxing champ Joe? Very quick!
Fox News Pittsburgh quickly drove Jim crazy.
FYI, Jo knew Zaire rebels executed gov't. HQ MP's.
Kevin, why are big clamps required to fix Jay-Z?
Quick, ignore fly buzz, heave expired jam west.
Vibe Magazine's Jeff quickly exposed the war.
"Quick, who's best? Vaughn?" exclaimed my jazz prof.
A quirky job: Che exported wigs from Venezuela.
Bizarre! Jack finds avg.-quality whore Pam sexy.
Gov't hell: Quirky new tax crimps dozens of jobs.
Jack D.'s sixth mystery novel, "Quiz," was a big flop.
Keeping the vow, Jeff exclaimed "Squeeze my rib!"
Quiz: The keg is full of (a) wax, (b) vinyl, (c) Pam or (d) jam?
Whoever got jazz albums spiked sex frequency.
Chip required booze to fix my Volkswagen Jetta.
Empty exchange: Navajo quilts for dry zwieback.
I expect jazzy words from the bloviating quack.
Jacques' prizefight was fixed by animals, vodka.
Jocks have amazingly frequent earwax buildup.
Joy helped offer a Mexican basketweaving quiz.
My T/F quiz: Joe Sixpack likes Average White Band.
My Viking crown had exquisite topaz & fab jewels.
New biz expected jack squat from Ogilvy & Mather.
Quite mad ax-wielding Jack froze; boy saved. Phew!
Quivering, the fox-sized jackrabbit limps away.
We expected drag queen "Ms. JFK" to behave crazily.
With a quick raygun blast (& some FX), I vaporized Jo.
Biloxi navyman J. guzzled 1 cup squid without fork.
Bo rocked a xylophone, making quiet waves of jazz.
Chump king to require six dozen wars by five July.
Dexter jumps quickly, aware of buzzing vehicles.
Exposé: My wife's "jazz hands" require black gloves.
Glum Jack squeezed every drop out of the wine box.
I examined Zack's buff physique & strong, level jaw.
In XL PJ's, I moved to a La-Z-Boy, watching ads for Quik.
Jeff H.'s antique VW Bug expelled smoke like crazy.
Jeff's questionable move: zephyr-exceeding walk.
Max, a wiz at serving up food, quickly got a chef job.
Pavel quit making Czech food (strawberry jam & lox).
To get a job with Xavier Z., flap your arms and quack.
Vic knew: flex his trapezius, & he'd acquire a gym job.
Xzibit serves milk with jaw-dropping frequency.
"Quaff the amazing potion & be sexy!" vowed Dr. Jeckyll.
Amazingly, C.J. quaffed six vodkas without burping.
Back in May, a FedEx van's tire squashed J. Lopez's wig.
Bev, the wizened grump, jockeyed for extra loquats.
Cagey John's work, Mme. X, provoked quite a lot of buzz.
Dig up & move Aztec Coyolxauhqui: job for weaklings?!
Even G. Peck frequently had major show-biz anxiety.
Ex quiz-show wiz Van Doren: gifted, but empty jackal.
Fly recognized Ox by his heavy jowls & quick temper.
Fun with video games: Flicky, Berzerk, Qix, & Jr. Pac-Man.
I have to buy frozen waxed pickles--quit judging me!
Jacques R. fixed up his zamboni, vowing to get lucky.
Jazz vibraphonists are always mixing quick food.
Jeff B. explained how quarks are amazingly active.
JFK's ex wed a Greek plum, viz., quite a tycoon husband.
Jo's driving irks: haze, squawking CB box, empty fuel.
Kev Z. quit following the oxen across bumpy fjords.
Kev's jumpy exercise won gold for the Belize squad.
P.J. quickly exchanged the flat on my oversized BMW.
Poof! My level-eighteen wizard does a quick hex job.
Project Runway quiz: ex-model H. Klum's fave goodbye?
Question why I could fix my pup? Jeez, give me a break!
Speaking of lazy, Xavier acquired two jobs a month.
The crazy new DJ Vulpix left me quaking in my boots.
Wacky fire squad jumps over, extinguishes blazes.
Wanted: Pix of every Quidditch broom. Lo-rez jpgs OK.
With liquor, Javier makes campy design for Xzibit.
 Jo's half-extemporized verses quickly grew boring.
"Folks may cheat at jigsaw puzzles" Quinn X. observed.
"Gee whiz," Jeff exclaimed, "I know squat about privacy."
"Hey Squirt, howzit goin'?" asked a jumpy cable TV fixer.
A crazy biker roughed up Steve McQueen's flexed jaw.
Amazing F. Xavier quickly whipped up the Jesuit mob.
Bev didn't realize much joy fighting w/ QuarkXPress.
Big Jim examined the zoo fowl privately: some quack.
Biz Markie caught wind of quite expensive jewelry.
Bizarre: frequent mockery juxtaposed with loving.
Bizarrely, Kathy perceived Jim as foxy. Quite wrong.
F. conjectured: "Buzzing hive wasps make quality wax."
Five dozen quarts glue on my back will affix the PJs.
Five zaftig women boldly jump; expect earthquakes.
Frankly, Paige, we've squeezed a Mexican into the job.
Having sex proved a quick way to mate, Jezebel found.
I expect love for DJ Biz Markie--quite a clownish guy.
I humbly request you go wave pixie dust on Jack's fez.
In a far galaxy, quiet Jawas have immobilized Spock.
Jack P. frequently dreamt of having sex with zebras.
Jack Q. loved, for example, rubbing his fuzzy sweater.
Jack X. squeezed every last drop from his orange, BTW.
Jack's quiz: Do we have to pay for the online X-Box game?
Kev's job: piqued wrestling with a crazy fax machine.
Lazy Jebediah will make up excuses for having quit.
Lazy, thick-jawed bums fixed spongy quiche I craved.
Mayor Quimby dodges expertly, viz., with a JFK accent.
My very bizarre Grandpa Jack lies with foxy queens.
Prize wrestling champ JYD devoured six BBQ franks.
Quincy J. poured milk over the giant-size bowl of Kix.
Quivering, Jay smote back at the powerful ex-wizard.
Squeaky got max (life in jail) b/c she waved gun at prez.
The "amazing" special-fx sequence was a very bad joke.
The bizarre guy quickly waves and jumps off the box.
The ex-war veteran, dazed from PTSD, quickly got a job.
The Japanese boxer quickly vowed an amazing fight.
To my beloved nephew Frank G., I bequeath six jazz CDs.
We expected amazingly quick service, chef. Good job!
We might've expected a conquest of Brazilian jerky.
We quite love bad jazz saxophone music from Kenny G.
Zoë, joking, explains why acquiring TV feeds is dumb.
"Jalapeños! How very freaking piquant!" Boz exclaimed.
A-Z with heft made stripping excess vinyl a quick job.
Amazingly, Knoxville judge requests we beef up much.
Beginners envy coquette Kim, who just fixed up waltz.
By request, we have excluded Jack from sharing pizza.
C.J.'s quirky sex fetish is driving a powerful zamboni.
Crazy Queen Hilda vows to make jibs out of Plexiglas.
Crazy question: how many kids fit in a Jeep's glovebox?
Explosively, Jack B. zoomed off with squealing tires.
Five or six Tbsp. of Nyquil were enough to make C.J. doze.
Fox mogul K. Rupert Murdoch went crazy over "Squid Job."
Fox's quiz shows and reality TV programs beckoned Jo.
Fritz explained that, in "juvy," "whack"/"bomb" equals good.
Good wives humbly request I fix chicken pizza & Jell-O.
I hereby acknowledge: I gave frequent jazz examples.
I liked when sexy Jacquie B. removed her Egyptian fez.
I think the Bo Sox acquired Javy Lopez for a few games.
I'm quietly chomping on six jawbreakers and five Pez.
I'm watching a sexy vampire suck blood from Jacques Z.
Jacqueline Kennedy wore them big, expensive fezzes.
Jacques lacked empathy for wax burns--very puzzling!
Jeff Z. gobbling up Hydrox cookies was quite a marvel.
Jezebel's exciting improv show: quite dark, but funny.
Jr. high kids love playing a few albums by Squeeze & XTC.
Jumps caught on very quickly in flexible Swaziland.
Juvenile lynx with queer gait mocked by foes as "Spaz."
Quick exam to reveal jalopy's flaw: hazard bulbs gone.
Quill vet Jo flummoxed by Z glyph's awkward contrast.
Quit mocking the way V. is jazzed to explore MLB roofs!
Quiz: the only exec. who has jumped back after leaving?
Six vats of BBQ pig knuckles? You do realize I'm Jewish?
The Jewish shop quickly become a food extravaganza.
We puny football jocks got zero vs. the Mexican squad.
We'll give Zebediah M. sixty quarts of pickling juice.
Zeppo's query: "Whatever became of ex-folk singer Judy?"
Zinc oxide will keep the UV rays from baking Jacques.
"No way! Big pavonine quetzal feathers!" Jack exclaimed.
A will bequeathed my prize 'sixty-five Mustang to Jack.
Amazing practical joke: quietly switch Dave's box off.
Bad appetizer: Mexican frijoles with squid-ink gravy.
Becky heard frequent MVP Alex Rodriguez was juicing.
Becky's fave meme: DogWithAQuizzicalExpression.jpg.
Bizarre Kev frequently mixed gunpowder with juices.
By six o'clock p.m., rendezvous with Jeff in Baghdad, Iraq.
Davy J. kept mixing clownfish into zebrafish aquaria.
Envy the squirrels, foxes, & badgers who jump like crazy.
Every hijacker begs for Swaziland's exquisite palms.
Fave biz expands Jackson Hole, Wyoming, headquarters.
Faye shook a can & squirted Jax lager over the prez's BMW.
Fox's quiz show pits abjectly ignorant morons vs. kids.
Frequent bouts of seizures vexed many whelps, e.g. Jack.
Frequently reading Juxtapoz, we buy kustom vehicles.
Friday: MoMA gives an exh. of works by Jacques Lipchitz.
Go squeeze flab into tux jacket, receive Bryn Mawr PhD!
Howard Zinn's sexy backless jumper left me quivering.
I acknowledge Jay-Z's sexy but from my POV he's too quiet.
I have exquisite jewelry--a big necklace made of topaz.
I jotted a Greek glyph Xi to symbolize wave frequency.
I requested my pizza box have a drawing of a jackelope.
I'll quiver with excitement if Pudgy asks Jezebel out.
I've begun to realize why Jacques makes experts fed up.
Jack F. became acquainted with gloves in Zephyr, Texas.
Jack: "Damn, two boxes of taquitos really zap a hangover!"
Jacques had views of many exotic springbok gazelles.
Jacques viewed & bought an expertly made fez in Turkey.
Javy P. will ask hardcore exam questions about Fugazi.
Jed is buffing the quartz links of my expensive watch.
Jim Zorn, ex-quarterback for the Seahawks, gave deeply.
Jimmy knew zilch about BBQ—except "Leftovers are good."
Jimmy speaks to feds, viz. Washington's Exchequer Club.
Jo (PhD in zymurgy) brewed a sixpack of quality cerveza.
Jo's working to fix cable TV by Thursday's quiz program.
Josh and Zoey took over a mix of loquacious brown pigs.
Made up of tough wax (or vinyl), jazz albums melt quickly.
Mix four Tbsp. guava juice with twenty oz. liquid smoke.
My objective: to gulp quinoa with sexy Fareed Zakaria.
My previous wife did an excellent job taking the quiz.
My vague question: do jokers watch bizarre X-Files eps?
Nixon's vice-prez Agnew quickly resigned from the job.
On a quilt, a very jocund woman fights pizza boxes & Coke.
Pick-axe blows revealed a jagged, shiny seam of quartz.
Provide examples of how Jacky cheated on the big quiz.
Quick, name five or six glitzy bordello shows in Japan.
Quiz: Didja know extreme obesity plagues even French?
Six tequilas: I drove off the highway & jacked up my Benz.
The excellent trapeze work by Jeff's squad was moving!
We put the jug of pulque in the back of my Mazda RX-seven.
Who expected Jack Lemmon or Puffy Combs to give a quiz?
Zany Super Bowl XIV: QB Jim Kelly couldn't put up a fight.
"Jaws" review: klutzy FX design but much praise for Quint.
"Oxfam requires funds" Zack sobbed. "Any way to give helps."
"The queen's a very wizened old bat!" Jeff kept exclaiming.
"Wizards of Waverly Place": bouquet of magic kids' hijinx.
Amazing movie: Rocky's punched jaw squirted faux blood.
At my job, I frequently achieve six dozen goals per week!
Beloved mix of Quik & Mtn Dew jeopardizes cardiography.
Biloxi's equivalent of Schwartzkopf is a guy named Joe.
Crazy skater Jeff began show with quadruple axel move.
Django strums jazz while piquant Bev makes sexy faces.
Egad, OMB requires we have to jack up taxes on lazy folks.
English major Zeke waxes poetic if you provide bisque.
Equipped with oxygen & crazy resolve, Jeff is climbing K2.
Ex-wives whom Jack G. bamboozled are frequently peeved.
Five dozen liquor jugs? Pa's box can take twice that many!
Foxy Jake gazed at me while requesting a private cabin.
GFZ 4th quarter stock will have jumped by sixty percent.
God, a wacky job! Amount of experience I have equals zero.
Gosh, Jay-Z frequently makes excessively bawdy hiphop!
Hank's film jobs vary (Great Expectations and Quiz Show).
Harvey Z. would make an exquisite subject for pangrams.
Hebrew queen Jezebel attacked for having sexy makeup.
I forgot the way jazz saxophonist Ike Quebec made love.
I just got a fax that we privately docked in Mozambique.
I know Jezebel discovered plums of extra-high quality.
I was quite vexed when my pal Jack referred to "bazongas."
I'd play an exquisite joke on Zack, but he won't forgive me.
Jack frequently fantasized about having sex with Pam.
Jack quit waxing his bum: he favors a depilatory zapper.
Jacques K. gulped sixty oz. of bourbon without vomiting!
Jake's mixing vulcanized rubber with a quart of peyote.
Jeff quickly grabbed expensive tweezers for himself.
Jeff Z. was quite lucky to have exchanged phone numbers.
Jerry got Univ. of Oklahoma coach B. Switzer to Texas PDQ.
Jezebel wrecked my expensive Quattro on Highway Five.
Morning joy: I never expected Bisquick waffles! Huzzah!
My pal Jack B. watched every Godzilla sequel on Netflix.
No explanation why required: just give back my gin fizz.
Oscar (J. Klugman): "Have some BBQ pizza." Felix (T. Randall): "Why?"
Pablo's dazed Mexican taqueria: just take Highway Five.
Please! I'm unfazed by the heavyweight boxer's quick jab!
Python show featured exquisite songs, viz., "Lumberjack."
Q: Why from Arizona to Vegas by Jeep? A: Lady Luck coaxed me!
Quieter 'cuz I'm shipping my ex-wife back to a Nevada jail.
Quivering, I walked up to the object of my desire: Zaxxon.
Six bucks for a low-quality Jay-Z DVD? That's chump change!
Six quarts juice would be enough to make a zippy flavor.
Tex proved himself to Jo when he quickly bagged a zebra.
The waves of exceedingly obsequious jerks amazed Pop.
Traffic expert Jake was unfazed by the slow-moving BQE.
Very beat, Jacques guzzled the six-pack of Mountain Dew.
Vexed by Jack's passes? Freeze him with liquid nitrogen.
Waving, schlumpy Oz jokes: "If it ain't baroque don't fix it."
Way bizarre Rx for frequent jock itch: dumplings & gravy.
We expect quality julienned zucchini from big knives.
Wizened grandpa Vic frequently made Jack-in-the-boxes.
Zach F. judged ex-QB Aikman was the Most Valuable Player.
Zach just requested I mix a bit of kelp in with the gravy!
Zoo expert request: acknowledge beefy juvenile chimp.
"Expect ze wurst" joked butcher Davy, fileting quail meat.
"I drew that Pokémon before having Rayquaza!" Jo exclaims.
"Squawk!" exclaimed a bird, amazed by his flight over Japan.
A queen-sized waxy buildup prevented Jack from hearing.
AJAX and AVEDA labels require much of a type kerning wiz.
Al Jazeera covered Egypt more than Fox's squawking Beck.
Alex Trebek, the face of the Jeopardy quiz show, is moving.
Amazed African kids squabbled over Egypt sphinx jewel.
Champ's very bizarre looking pawn executed Jeff's queen.
Craig was frequently bizarre--for example, he'd jive talk.
Dairy Queen is serving six oz. plum juice with breakfast.
Dripping hot, liquid wax over my face is a major buzzkill.
Examine Jacques B.'s zipper & you'll find it weighs seven kg.
Example of a joke quiz: every right answer is in boldface.
Excel's view become frozen? Just make it go away—push Cmd-Q.
Expect zero squeals of delight by jokes in the new movie.
Expected budget for women's jr. varsity squash: like, zero.
Experienced gravers make jewelry for Queen Elizabeth.
Guy I know's job: realize the movie's dopiest FX sequences.
I believe Jo mows the grass quickly in a fuzzy Red Sox cap.
I knew the exact number of pets (viz., dogs) required in July.
I love HexCon, Jeff, but it requires packing my wizard hat.
I made a very big lunch with six jars of Pizza-Quick sauce.
I promoted our sax man who quickly became a fave jazz god.
Jack realized big ships require very few examinations.
Jan's recipe: eight lbs. squid; 1 box of wavy pasta; 1 maize husk
Jay-Z, quite rife with money, expected to give banks loans!
Jeb knew how to flex every muscle: quads, gluts, & trapezius.
Jeff Q. examined why strobe lights can provoke seizures.
Jezebel P.'s quite crafty: e.g., she loves to make wax candles.
Jim quickly realized: flights to Belize were expensive.
Jimmy guzzled the six-pack of Squirt & seven wine bottles.
Joel Veitch's Quizno's gerbil ads, for example, were hokey.
Joyful: Val Kilmer playing with a squeeze box (accordion).
Judy faced extreme phobia squeezing into a Volkswagen.
Knights & wizards may expect squires to be jolly forever.
Lazy Jo made me bring her twenty-five six-packs of Squirt.
Liz's jaw dropped when facing my expensive antique book.
Manager books unexpected dives for quality jazz shows.
Mob's chance of avoiding taxes was quickly jeopardized.
My Jacques walked out after a brief exchange over pizza.
Now Facebook has just paid sixty-five zillion for GQ.com!
Phase LX of marijuana buzz: watching Koyaanisqatsi DVD.
Phil J.'s BMW goes zero to sixty in five and a quarter ticks.
Pixieish VJ Quinn, in a bright yellow smock, defined buzz.
Preview holiday joy: Squirt E-Z Xmas Flocking in October.
Puzzling: should there be a waxy film over kumquat juice?
Queens Victoria and Elizabeth were sexy fops. (I'm joking.)
Quinn's examining the fuzzy videotape of brown jackals.
Quite afraid of scurvy, Josh Z. was packing boxes of limes.
Remove whiteheads quickly by applying a jar of Noxzema.
Roz would like a jumbo quantity of expensive champagne.
Six chimpanzees squabbled over who gets the beef jerky.
Sixth prize went to frequent breakdancer Jeremy Vogel.
The amazing ox jerky comes in two flavors: piquant & bland.
The big walkway project is expensive: it's made of quartz.
The discotheque was unfazed, overlooking Pam's boxy jaw.
Unhappily, Jack W.'s grill fizzled out from excessive BBQ.
UT's QB will save his money for expensive Kenny G. jazz CDs.
Walking in Quebec, overheard French jazz. Simply exotic!
We've just examined the quirky Black font Oz Cooper gave.
We've squeezed the TP before a grumpy jerk exclaims "Don't!"
When in Quebec, my ex-wife just asked "Parlez-vous anglais?"
With a glazed expression, Bo questioned my love for Jack.
Wozniak & Jobs quibbled mightily over expensive coffee.
X's & O's of Cowboys just might squeeze past rival Redskins.
Zach's job wages: a quarter, five dimes, six nickels, & a penny.
Zeke's hex nut wasn't moving--a job for Liquid Wrench spray.
Ziggy's voice makes me wish for a quieter job, I explained.
A funny joke: I expect even zebras now demand equal rights.
A quick jab & my amazing fight with an old pro boxer was over.
A very bizarre, unexpected twist: Jeff's quickly gone home.
After examining my Czech book, Jo posed a question: "Vowels?"
Ajax puzzled over befuddling idioms: "squeaky wheels," etc.
Amazing finish: JAX led NYG but the QB was picked for seven.
Amazon charged Jay's VISA for required prelaw textbooks.
An explosive judge forbade the lazy owner's quick merger.
Bad pick-up line: "Want to squeeze my finger, or just have sex?"
Bagel with lox or jam: Zap it and you have a quick breakfast.
Barnum joke: sixty-five clowns squeezed into the Peugeot.
Bev Z. explained how to acquire signals on Jack's FM system.
Beware: a plague of jerks mine onyx and quartz in that cave.
Big Frank was quietly excited to invite Zoe to the jr. prom.
Black, toxic pharma-factory sludge oozed over Wanaque, NJ.
Camper Jane was exhausted, & vaguely sick of mosquito buzz.
Camper Jane was exhausted, & vaguely sick of mosquito buzz.
Champ Joe Z. frequently avoids sex the week before a fight.
Clams and waxy Q-tips for appetizers? You have to be joking!
Cuban war zone: JFK equipped exiles for the gamy invasion.
Denzel was Jamaica cop boss Xavier in "Mighty Quinn" flick.
Exhibiting bizarre behaviors, my wife quickly jumped me.
Exquisite funny biz in Chicago helped JFK win more votes.
Extremely fat boy: "Give me a Quizno's pepper-jack sandwich!"
Fancy acquisition: Dr. Katz bought some expensive jewels.
Food expert Jack begins every meal with a sizeable squid.
Fox TV acquired right-wing nutjob dubbed "Fuzzy Lumpkins."
Gaze with joy at bowls of Corn Chex or Quisp & vitamin D milk.
Have Swiss chard, an example of Jezebel's quality cooking.
Having drunk a cup of joe, my lazy mind was quite exuberant.
He gave faux (CZ) diamonds but I kept the turquoise jewelry.
I exchanged my slow Jeep for a quicker Mazda convertible.
I gave Lex an oz. of strawberry juice and kumquat schnapps.
I just loved Becky facing me with a quizzical expression.
I kept jamming quarters into Zaxxon (BTW, my fave as a child).
I love drinking beet juice with my quinoa & flax-seed pizza.
I might be docile with an expensive jar of fuzzy kumquats.
I quickly realized sex with my journalism prof gave me a B.
I quite enjoy when Mark Zuckerberg explains video feeds.
I'm dreaming the Prez will quickly offer a job: Sex advisor.
I'm expecting I'll be unfazed over chewing squirrel jerky!
In exchange, Jo very frequently utilized mops backwards.
Jack realized how expensive it is to acquire a big family.
Jack Z. happily served exotic sweets (e.g. flambéed quinces).
Jack-in-the-Boxes I've managed frequently run low on pizza.
Jacklyn removed the bird crap from her 2ZX with a squeegee.
Jacques drizzles Karo syrup on his mix of raw vegetables.
Jamiroquai's remix of "Baby Elephant Walk" verged on crazy.
Japanese family expects earthquake waves to damage biz.
Javy Z. earned a Twix bar by plucking feathers from a quail.
Jay-Z knifed a guy; however, he's capable of exquisite music.
Jeez, equivocating between Krishna and Xenu feels empty.
Jeff & Kevin are excited about my new huge sized quill pens.
Jeff, Dos Equis cerveza will help your big Mexican trip, OK?
Josh knew my next BBQ cooking device will feature a piezo.
Josh Z. unexpectedly knew: mosquitos begin life as larvae.
Juiced prize-fighters frequently make how-to-box videos.
Jumping offsides, OK, but "excessive blow to the QB" is crazy!
Kids jump with excitement about flying over Mozambique.
Mary looked quizzical as Jeff explained how to be a vegan.
Much buzz over a joke: "Equality for all except wiener dogs!"
My CD library's overflowing with examples of quirky jazz.
My Grandpa Jack was excited to be selected for the TV quiz.
Pigs-in-blankets with Quorn and flax-cake made Jay-Z vomit.
Pill joke: quietly, go switch zebra vitamins for Excedrin.
Q (James Bond's weapon guy) liked explosive fezzes & hot cars.
Q: The gravel jacked up my Mazda's blue paint. Will you fix it?
Quickly, open your jaw and guzzle this laxative before me.
Quiz: Is "Luckenbach Texas" pa's favorite W. Jennings melody?
Quiz: Would you time-travel back hoping just to fix things?
Ritzy Jacques & Phil nixed drinking wine from gravy boats.
Special-FX wizardry of the movie makes Jo begin to squeal.
Squirrels & groundchucks barely move if zapped with Ajax.
Tex balked at my request of anchovy pizza and a jug of wine.
Tex's crazy. Prove it? He squirted cow's milk on buff joggers.
W. Gretzky behaved poorly; ask any excited Joe from Quebec.
We forgave dozens of jammed cars on the Bklyn-Queens Expy.
We frequently spiked V-8 with Oxycontin to get a major buzz.
We zonk out before the very excited, pajama'd girls squeal.
Whipped into a frenzy, Vic exchanged quick blows with Jim.
Who could travel back to Quito in a jiffy? Amazing experts.
Why quibble over six-dollar pucks? Just get 'em from Amazon.
Why, hello Jacques, buzz-marketing executive from DuPont!
With pique, a girl exclaimed "Buzz off, you chauvinist jerk!"
With pique, Max J. plucked a great big anchovy off his pizza.
You explore fab views of Taj Mahal! (Amazing neck required.)
Zamfir blew his panflute in the Knox College quad, by jove.
"Flip, quit with the crazy Jingleheimer song!" Xavier barked.
"Mexican jumping beans: factually larvae," quoth the wiz kid.
"Oh Suzie Q., baby I love you": Jeff awoke to XM-radio playing CCR.
"Que pasa, G?" we nervously joked with the Mexican border fuzz.
"Trebek's "Jeopardy!" Hell of a TV quiz show!" exclaimed grandpa.
A gin fizz, w/ tequila, served in a mop bucket: "The Sexy Janitor."
A wizard cast a level-four hex on my pug Jacques, but he's okay.
Amazingly, Bo exclaimed "Jackpot!" viewing his firing squad.
Amazingly, I think few jobs required previous experience.
As of July sixth, the domain www.quickzap.org was available.
Belzer's Improv jokes equaled the funny "Well excuse me" gag.
BJ's Czech ex-wife Krasava always drags me to antique shops.
Brooklyn-Queens Expressway gave Jeff D. crazy nightmares.
BTW, an ex prom queen gets zits and a jock leaves his fly open.
Chez Fancy: No jacket required, but women's gloves expected.
Craig's pizza delivery job isn't sexy, but he makes a few quid.
Download Basement Jaxx's Zephyr CD: you'll freaking quiver.
Even with exquisite makeup, Gabby J. failed to accessorize.
Evil young squirts chomped jawbreakers & Pez for exercise.
Expect crowds at the jazz movie? Forget Brooklyn or Queens.
Expect wails from bigoted, jerky citizens over the mosque.
Experts quickly judged the movie was based on "fuzzy logic."
Explain Fozzie Bear's and Kermit the Frog's very quick jaws.
Ford advertising campaign hawking ZX2s: "Quality is job one."
FWIW, C.J. kept her amazing DVD boxes arranged sequentially.
Gulp! Texans QB broke his foot, very much jeopardizing wins.
Harvey's mix of mezcal and kumquat juice was making me burp.
Hil the quetzal sucked junebugs off expressway pavement. *Emi helped
How many quilts is Jack P. embroidering: five? six? seven? Zero.
I exposed Jim to Fugazi and he quickly shaved his eyebrows.
I just gazed as a few children broke my expensive Qing vase.
I might have sewn a crazy quilt pattern: Jack-in-the-Box food.
If you just go check example answers, you've bombed the quiz.
It's amazing how Biff considers quivering pink Jell-O sexy.
It's amazing how quickly expensive jars become out-of-date.
Jack Tripper's behavior waxed queer under Mr. Furley's gaze.
Jack, very frugal? With queen-sized box springs as mattress?
Jay-Z's doing work for an expensive bisque-of-the-month club.
Jeb quickly whipped up an amazing first course: lox & caviar.
Jeff quickly bought Spanx tights for his oversized woman.
Jeff quickly developed expertise on Zimbabwe geography.
Jerky rival cops from Texas squared off with guns blazing.
Jezebel's quirky boat will never paddle the Gulf of Mexico.
Jim V. the zookeeper questioned lining fox cages w/ baloney.
Jim X. recognized Squarepants by the wickedly funny voice.
Jo's freshly waxed black Mazda Protege ran over squirrels.
Jo's quite woefully bad at parking vehicles, exiting mazes.
Jowly chiefs even require king-sized box spring & mattress.
Joy bought worthless stuff on QVC, like a pizza dough mixer.
Kip was vexed by soft jazz coming into the quiet cathedral.
Lazy joggers? I expect Brad to take an arrow from his quiver.
Movie queen J-Lo (with frizzy hair) had big chicken pox bumps.
My ex-wife quickly jumped at the chance to reserve a gazebo.
My job: to improve Oxford by requiring the citizens to walk.
My Zoe wanted quick sex before packing up the jeep to leave.
On a hazy July day Karen expects to be waving off mosquitos.
On the quad, a failing junior vows, "Zero back my experiments!"
On TV's The Amazing Race, few players do exotic jobs quickly.
One gal. Clorox, two tbsp. Quik, honey, or jam. Serves five dozen.
Pam, jokey coquetry will get you far in this sex-starved biz.
Pasqual's Bodega has everything from zwieback to ox jerky.
PJ's extremely dry chicken required a dozen bowls of gravy.
Puzzled about sex? Drew Pinsky has joking advice on KROQ-FM.
Quinn played the joyful Greek Alexis Zorba in which movie?
Quirky Moog keyboards don't handle complex jazz .wav files.
Serving cold pizza to folks was exhausting, so I quit my job.
Smoke joints, down tequila, have bizarre sex, pray for grace.
Squirts of benzoyl peroxide in juice was making him vomit.
Tex's lazy, bad urge: puff a joint, watch Koyaanisqatsi movie.
Thanks very much for the jewel gift, Buzz! Quite unexpected!
The new bottle of Jose Cuervo tequila or a gaudy Zima six-pk.?
Tightwad Jacquie must like to buy an inexpensive freezer.
Very amazing: just a squirt of lube would fix the dumptruck.
Vic gazed upon the Taj Mahal. What a frankly exquisite tomb!
Wax stains proved joke candles liquified in the gym blaze.
What's bumming you? Unrequited love? Jammed fax? Yucky pizza?
When my six o'clock alarm buzzes, I require a pot of good java.
When Roxy moved to Zanzibar, Jeff squealed like a stuck pig.
When sexy Jeff Bridges nuzzles up close, it makes me quiver.
Whenever at Jacquie's, pay extra for Arizona pickled gumbo.
Which extremist nutjob leveled a gun at Prez Ford? Squeaky.
Why did Jack forgive me? His explanation was quite bizarre.
With just a glimpse of Kay's sequined fez I exclaimed "Bravo!"
Women inexplicably acquiesced in Jack V.'s bizarre fights.
Wooden jugs quickly became the salvation of an export biz.
Zoe's ex-husband proves quite a jerk when it comes to flying.
"Does this pince-nez go over with my jackboots?" queried Felix.
"Quit the family jokes now," Buzz's psychology expert advised.
"Whoops! Ze gravy!" exclaimed a French jokester at the banquet.
"Ziggy" required explanation, because few got his vomit joke.
Amazing: cowboys from Van, TX request that the DJ play k. d. lang!
Baby foxes & squeaking mice jeopardized the whole endeavor.
Becky Q. wanted a huge slice from an inexpensive pizza joint.
Beware Xmas parties lacking the requisite mood, viz. joyful.
Beware! Take extreme caution! I have fuzzy, quilted jog-pants!
Big Jim was lucky to avoid the zaps & explosions from quasars.
Bizarre Jacques found M. Gericault's shipwreck canvas sexy.
Checking sex of pigs, Quinn vowed not to be a major in zoology.
Consequences of HGH: deeper voice; extremely bulky jaw; zits.
Crazy Dr. Jacques was textbook case of a male chauvinist pig.
Exemplary mating behavior from Jack was unrequited by Liz.
Few recognized or believe A. may be a Coyolxauhqui priest (j/k).
Fix-up docs have to make my jaw square and tweeze my ugly brow.
Flexible interactive window question:  huge jumpy bezel OK?
Flo wants to make biz execs and the average Joe paid equally.
For the Olympics in Salzburg, we expect a Javanese ski squad.
Foreign executive badly misspelled the word "junk": "zhunque."
From jarring quakes, I'll be expecting many hazardous waves.
Galaxy Brew: 1 oz. vodka, 1 oz. tequila, a half-teaspoon lemon juice.
Gandalf's hex squelched my plans to take over his wizard job.
Give the old Falcon a quick swat before galaxy jumping. Zoom!
Goldfinger: archvillain razes Ft. Knox but Q's spy James wins.
GQ Magazine backers enjoyed the Pixies' "Wave of Mutilation."
Gus would make jam from loquats, but they're crazy expensive.
Happy Kid: a jigger of aqua vitae, six oz. club soda, lemon twist.
Having never brushed, Jacky's teeth were a mix of fuzz & plaque.
He delivered a grocery bag full of wax beans, kumquat jam, & Pez.
I asked what drove Max crazy; he gasped feebly, "Je ne sais quoi."
I bow to funky jazzmen, including Paquito d'Rivera on the sax.
I brought copies of my new extended grotesque, Baklava Jazz.
I can play odd versions of Jack White songs on my squeeze box.
I expect to break the jaw of everyone who mangled my quizzes.
I expected to acquire the Volkswagen but my job fizzled out.
I just expected a quick half effort but my lover was amazing.
I never quite expected Geoff to waltz into a New York job. SMH.
I requested that five ibexes would keep jumping like crazy.
I'm thinking a drop of vanilla extract will jazz up my bisque.
I've read the magazine: full of low-quality sex pics & bad jokes.
In a yellow toque, ex-chef Jim talked about vegan appetizers.
In fuzzy gown & huge tuxedo, Sylvia & Jim became prom queen & king.
Jacco Griekspoor's quiet xylophone jazz bowled Muffy over.
Jack's amazing tranquility over software bugs has expired.
Jacques V. realized Oxford only employed the knowledgable.
Jailed in a zoo, no way to exit, the quiver of king cobras moped.
Jane followed Tarzan quietly, marveling at his six-pack abs.
Jealous of my quarterback, a fighter w/ size and proven moxie?
Jeff expects Brooke to acquiesce and they will move to Giza.
Jethro, if kamakazis arrive in TX, better quick get down & pray!
Jim Z. leapt back in fear, shocked by "cadavre exquis" drawings.
Jo faced moving hazards on the Brooklyn-Queens Expressway.
Jo plans on watching six dozen freaky Brothers Quay movies.
John gave us a few exquisite rock albums, then a zany podcast.
Joke prom queen? Write-in votes for Buzz Lightyear expected.
Kurt Cobain gazed sexily for quiet verses, jumped when loud.
Magazine ads for sexy women's clothes kept Jeff V. quite busy.
Mike waxed lazy, enervated by his wife Jo's frequent carping.
Mmm... Bradley Cooper having quickie sex with Jennifer Lopez...
Music exec: "When kids pay zilch for music, I have to quit my job."
Music producer questions, "Will Jay-Z hafta be on backing vox?"
My fave Ab Ex painter Jackson had a crazy flowing technique.
My French Bulldog PJ was excited to have squeaky, fuzzy toys.
My friend took a crazy job: to vex wild pigs until they squeal.
New Year's Eve: blitzed on champagne & jockeying for quick sex.
Panicking, he realized every aquarium is just a box of water.
Panza was the servant of a man judged to be, frankly, quixotic.
Poor Wolfman Jack had quite a big, crazy voice in the sixties
Puck Z. was frequently excluded from just about everything.
QB Mark Brunell (JAX) grew weary of having pint-sized centers.
Quit fueling SUV tanks: just barely exceed zero highway MPG.
S. was frequently juvenile but picked amazing exhibitions.
Sax-playing wonk vanquished former CIA jefe Bush to be prez.
Silk boxers drive me crazy; I quite prefer woolen long-johns.
Spanglish talk: my bud Jose exchanges "que pasa?" for "howzit va?"
The adjunct biology prof explained how quetzals make love.
The Amazing Pasqual gnawed on five or six beef jerky sticks.
The Miguel de Cervantes's Quixote & Panza book was just funny.
The zookeeper failed by mixing up jackdaws, doves, and quail.
Tiny-sized guy won't box, favors being champ squirrel jockey.
To excel in the biz of quilt making, just wear pants every day.
Type designers just love a-z idioms like "the quick brown fox..."
Unexpected, fluky wins gave the Jazz squad a boost of morale.
Upon wrecking her vehicle, Roxy M. quit her job & lazed on a sofa.
Vapid Jo didn't quite realize why kidsexchange.com is a flub.
We expect everyone in the kingdom to be jealous of my quartz.
We jaded Gen-Xers happily flock to Quentin's bizarre movies.
We mix up Jazzercise and big DQ chocolatey flavored shakes.
When broke, I just used cheap tequila if mixing Fuzzy Navels.
Whenever I passed funky Xmas lights, Zoe became quite jolly.
Where Kev comes from, squeezing epoxy tubes gets you jailed.
With Fontlab working, a chimp would make jazzy, quivering X's.
With movie experience, I quickly realized I'd get job offers.
Yogi loves bizarre food like quail with Mexican jalapenos.
Your prez quits wavering in fight; Jack's excitement builds.
Zaxxon was a veritable quarter dump for eight-year-old Jack.
Zookeeper Jacques had a waxy moustache and overly big feet.
 Mix gin & strawberry juice. Freeze overnight. Drink up quickly.
 The "Big X-Treme Sportz Drink" is a low-quality version of juice.
"GQ" vowed fuzzy dice in the car would make his Jeep a "sexmobile."
"Zany" 17th c. experts always give me an old joke: "If it ain't baroque..."
A newbie realized grimly, the project needs very quick fixes.
Amazing galaxy of cards: Queen beats jack, flush over two pair.
Amy Z., the cannonball expert, won't quit doing jack-knife dives!
Apple's fizzling quarterly take made Steve Jobs exclaim "Why?!"
Belching Dixieland jazz in private is one of my worst quirks.
Big quarantine: exactly a dozen have lumps. Just keep far away.
Bix Beiderbecke was a jazz great who frequently improvised.
Born in Queen City, TX; drove my jalopy to Zurich, KS to get a wife.
Boz plucked this sexy view from Jamiroquai's Instagram feed.
Chimpanzees don't quack, beavers don't fly, oxen just wag tails.
Crazy quack Jeff excised skin moles with a vegetable peeler.
Crazy smoke billowing up from my exhaust convinced Jacques.
E.'s fine work on Huang Xiangjian required crazy, bumpy travel.
Every song style except for jazz made Will quake in his boots.
Expecting moms frequently crave beef jerky and cheese-whiz.
Facebook quizzes (Judge Your Envy, for example) are worthless.
Frankly, I expect to do an awesome job at tonight's trivia quiz.
Frequently, DJ Vagabond realized his mixes packed a wallop.
Garfunkel, a fuzzy Jewish boy from Queens, had an expert voice.
He gave a quizzical look when I justified my pangram blog fix.
Huge Jay-Z and exquisite Beyonce make up my fave power couple.
I acquiesced, realizing just how fun expensive Mickey can be.
I bought expensive silk-faced pajamas at an Iraqi bazaar. Why?
I expect laziness from this squad--they're a big joke in my view!
I improved my size XL jeans by sewing sequins on the back of 'em.
I love Nick's jazz CD about how toxic sprays fight mosquitoes.
I loved "What Boys Like" for its quite crazy saxophone jamming.
I mistakenly drizzled tequila over the big cup of Jo, who's six!
I quickly swiped that exact jazz melody from a rival big band.
I quizzed Paige over the waxy substance she left on my jacket.
I squirreled away a private box of pizza from the cooking job.
I was flummoxed when the vice-skip just squeezed by the guard.
IBM execs wager the "Jeopardy quiz" will improve tanking fame.
Improve jazz: acknowledge the gay/bisexual/queer influence!
In 'sixty-four, Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy was amazingly hip.
Ivy's choking down brats from a quaint Alexanderplatz joint.
Jack F. hosts an amazing Las Vegas party: a tux will be required.
Jack vyed for women's hugs at Berlin's quaint Alexanderplatz.
Jack's playing kazoo in dives from Ft. Worth, TX, to Albuquerque.
Jackie barfed pizza the whole evening? She may require detox.
Javier faced problems like, for ex., hazy, green aquarium water.
Javier's ex-wife Mary kept capsizing her boat during squalls.
Jazzman Quincy Jones proved flexible in making "Off the Wall."
Jed frequently fantasizes about having sex with chipmunks.
Jeff & Kevin cast a sexy grandpa in their film about quiz shows.
Jezebel knows how to acquire expensive things: by feeding me.
Jim in a frenzy plus six shots of vodka equals blowing chunks.
Joe often manages quick pizza delivery but he's low on oxygen.
John, I'll give you a quarter if you drip sizzling wax on my back.
Joking, Richard Belzer questioned how to improve my sex life.
Jose D. Gonzalez of Mexico City was the subsequent pick for VP.
JP found it quite hard to exit corn mazes with very big stalks!
Just before the play, we citizens removed the king & queen's box.
Mick Jones loved waking up in a zoo's filthy squirrel exhibit.
Miles Davis blew jazz like no other figure, explained Quincy.
My prez won fight over expenses with quarrels, kicks, and jabs.
My V.P. asked this question: What was Michael J. Fox's best zinger?
My wife makes quality bags in exotic hides; I just serve pizza.
My wife quickly realized that vans exceeded our Jeep budget.
Never use FedEx to mail weighty bricks to Japan, Iraq, or Zaire.
NY Jets fooled Ravens with an amazing, unexpected squib-kick.
Ozzy's huge antics make bad people like my ex-wife just quiver.
Paco, a wizened exterminator, took jobs squashing fly larvae.
Powerful gods: Jehovah, Krishna, Coyolxauhqui, Amitabha, Zeus.
Q: Hazzard County law never caught up to moxie of Jesse, Bo, & Luke?
Quick, go pick a raw record from the Stax/Volt label, not by Jay-Z.
Quinn G. buzz-marketed jaws-of-life at every expressway crash.
Quinn realized fudge didn't excuse Jim's dippy work behavior.
Quiz: Jeff Goldblum plays a chaos expert. Do you know the movie?
Quiz: Which group had six number 1s from "Jive Talkin" to "Tragedy"?
Realizing the stool pigeon squawked, Javy bolted for Mexico.
Rudolph's quirky schnoz lights the way for Xmas delivery job.
Spiral Jetty in Utah was a queer, even bedazzling, mix of rocks.
The buzz was heating up over Mexican folk duo Enrique y Juana.
The crazy AbEx paintings of W. deKooning just leave me queasy.
The next album quintet My Morning Jacket served up was "Z" from 2005.
The Queens & McGill rivalry was fed by joke explosives & tazers.
The wax effigy of Jacqueline B. Kennedy Pa carved was amazing!
TMZ excels in acquiring Hollywood gossip, even on Jeff Kober.
Unfazed, Jim drowned in quicksand, or got exploded by the navy.
Very zebra-like in form, the striped quagga just went extinct.
Vicky was disqualified from the exam for joking about pizza.
Vodka/tonic mix has a bitter quinine flavor; I go with zippy OJ.
We asked if Xavier read "Ziggy" much; he just mumbled "un pequeno."
Wizard expects to quell fight by making everyone into Jell-O.
You may qualify for savings on the jazz CDs: two bucks (plus tax)!
You realize that quirky FBI agent Fox Mulder was just a TV cop?
You should've quit crazy Pokémon games by age six, warned Jeff.
Zeke frequently wigs out whenever JB's "Sex Machine" is played.
"Friends" quiz: Who makes Bing completely nervous? His ex Janice.
"GQ"'s crazy move: just put Botox (rat killer!) on forehead wrinkles.
"If in my steel box cage, no worry over ze shark," Jacques reported.
"Quickly whipping back & forth makes me dizzy!" exclaimed Javier.
"Wow, you could be on the cover of GQ magazine!" exclaimed Jack's pa.
A wizard quaffed a gallant mix, jabbed the cyclops with knives.
Amazing: RFK Jr. was nabbed for having excellent-quality poppy.
Amazingly, Frank the squire jousted with unexpected bravery.
Aqua-mazing Journeys bundles five excursions to shipwrecks.
Aquilla, TX, citizens ponder why jobs are moving to Ft. Stockton.
Ask: very exquisite gem, or flawed, phony cubic zirconium jewel?
At Buzz's Mexican taqueria I plowed through every duck fajita.
At twelve, Jeremy expected the frequent zits & a breaking voice.
Box-office jackpot: Romero's 'seventy-eight zombie sequel "Dawn."
C. Walken's jumping of the DMZ border required extreme bravery.
Chip, from Joaquin, Texas, found the Brooklyn Zoo overwhelming.
Clinton, sexiest US prez? What about J. Quincy "King of Love" Adams?
Crazy Norquists's awful tax pledge makes governance job hell.
Every night I'm required to prize loose my wife from boxer Jack.
Fill-the-blank quiz: jr. varsity ...; extreme...;  ...car. Good answer: sports.
Five chimpanzees could likely do a quarter of the waxing jobs.
Following a quick pizza, John Wayne vibrated at the wax museum.
Frumpy wizard casts ever bigger hexes in J. R. R. Tolkien sequels.
I didn't even recognize frumpy Jacques in that sexy black gown!
I gawked at Alexander McQueen's show: a beveled fez & puffy jeans?!
I made crazy vegetarian kebabs of squash, jalapenos, & wax beans.
I mozied by the sidewalk cafe, judging their bisque expensive.
I quite enjoyed viewing xylophone kids crush a fab Zep medley.
I squeezed my tuckus into XS bluejeans to prove how gifted I am.
I'd be quick to wager PJ Harvey oozes more sex appeal than Feist.
I'm frequently puzzled about how taking Ex-Lax changes Javier.
I'm loving that you just tweeted a sexy pic of quirky me in Zubaz!
I'm quite amazed at the wacky gift I just received in a plain box!
If Jay-Z vowed to quit excellent rap, it mustn't be taken lightly.
J.C., you have an extreme weakness for BBQ pizza flavored Bugles.
Jacqueline, the key ex-mezzosoprano, would prove forgettable.
Jacques Z. wove baskets and dyed textiles at the crafting camp.
Jacquie hoped the fuzzy maxidress would cover her big ankles.
Jailed bank CEO payed five million for zaftig queen's sex show.
Jake would experience frequent, involuntary thumb spazzing.
Jamie starred as TV's Zoey Brooks, a quirky girl who expects fun.
Jamming with a fuzzbox, Billy Squier cranked the amp to eleven.
Jazzy swing? Have a mix of cool bands like Squirrel Nut Zippers.
Jeff & Kevin questioned why expelling Zambians was occurring.
Jeff B.'s oxygen tanks & hazardous waste require special movers.
Jeff realized on his upright bike, max velocity was quite slow.
Jeffrey W. gave a quizzical look--he hadn't expected a bombshell.
Jehovah frequently liked wasting cities (Zeboim for example).
Jim: "Fave DVD? How I like sexy Zsa Zsa Gabor's Queen of Outer Space!"
John's buzz-marketing plans frequently include faux reviews.
Joseph's bizarre X-rated fantasy involves cows squirting milk.
Junior Texas A&M QB was paved by a fierce Longhorn blitz attack.
Just sewing five sequins on doesn't make you a biz expert, child!
Kevin W. realized pregnancy just might be a consequence of sex.
Kim exclaimed, "Improve my Whole Foods pizza job or I'm quitting!"
Klutzy Jacques will have problems finding girls at the mixer.
Lady, we jump in the zoo but the Frick's Qing works are expensive!
My backup plan required exchanging vows with Jennifer Lopez.
My new budget just kept equivalent tax rates for each citizen.
Off-color jokes & X-rated G.W. Bush quips zoom over everyone's head.
Okay, the prof's exam question--"Do you judge me lovable?"-- was crazy!
Overexposed without an umbrella, Jeff is quickly going crazy.
Prez Obama expected to quell the wave of tanking job security.
Prize-winning athletes are quick to jump over and off my boxes.
Prize-winning blackjack champs frequently loved Roxy Music.
Quinn dances on violet murky foam while juggling pizza boxes.
Quit weeping: Alaska's amazing Glacier Bay fjords have oxygen.
Quivering, the wicked witch of "Oz" expired just by melting away.
Rocky J. Squirrel and Bullwinkle Moose fought over a pizza box.
Sexist Jack never budged on the equalization of pay for women.
Six mos. pregnant, Zoey craved jack cheese on Bisquick waffles.
Strip club jobs require sexy women with oversized, fake goods.
Subsequent to her vengeful exile, Benazir jumped her way back.
Suzuki manufactures quite boxy wagons that drive like Jeeps.
The "Mixed Up Files" book: a fave when Zach was just a young squirt.
The fox-like fuzzy kitten jumps awkwardly to avoid Big Quincy.
The gold fez of Turkey's PM Bulent Ecevit had exquisite jewels.
The video champion was just fluid at Zaxxon, Q-Bert, Donkey Kong.
The word "quixotic" seems to be in pangrams very often, like "jazz."
Unfazed, a judge quickly solved the maternity-ward baby mix-up.
Vegan klezmer band from Texas acquired a new Jew's-harp player.
Vera acknowledged that Spanx may be required for Jazzercise.
Vice-president Cheney swipes "GQ," and for Bush, "Al-Jazeera Komix."
Warm pizza, Coke, and hot fudge: Julie's very quixotic breakfast.
We expect to doze through Jackson's iffy Hobbit movie sequels.
We expected jet fighters frequently to buzz over Camp Kinser.
We expected to be moved by the jazz quartet's riff on folksongs.
We FBI agents quickly jimmied the door & seized the explosives.
We waxed nostalgic over the quality of pizza joints back home.
Were there a prize just for making quality belches I'd have six.
When you'd expect amazing bravery, octopi just squirt ink & flee.
Which volume of Jay Garner's books is on Tariq Aziz, ex-deputy PM?
Whippings quickly maximized job satisfaction for everyone.
Zanuck expects to make quite a good movie from Benchley's Jaws.
Zoe expected gore from the movie but it was just squeaky clean.
"Don't ever quiz me! I keep forgetting what my name is!" J. B. exclaimed.
"Dragon Quest" was just a movie, the geeky, zit-faced boy explained.
"Police Squad!" was given extra jokes from Jerry Zucker's brother.
"Squeeze tubes of epoxy glue on whatever is broken," commanded Jo.
"The Fonz and Laverne would make a bijou pair!" exclaimed Squiggy.
A glance of Jay Z's backup dancer made me quiver with excitement.
A makeover expert would suggest a nose job for my quirky schnoz.
Amazing! My ex-wife judges my replacement Hank to be equivalent!
Arquette got less pay for movie work, just based on her sex. Crazy!
As you might expect, Jeff, landlocked Zimbabwe requires no navy.
At breakfast, hung-over Joy W. expected cold pizza and some quiet.
B.J. knew at least five or six good ways of acquiring chimpanzees.
Boozy Mac, while drinking five pulques, exclaimed "Don't judge me!"
Butter & kumquat jelly sandwiches: a zany way of expressing love.
Cavewoman Raquel just put on a sexy bikini made of gazelle hide.
Confusing Vaseline and kumquat jelly was a horrible mixup, Zoe.
Crazy: I was fired from my "expendable" gov't job. Thanks sequester!
Dub me lazy and quickly receive a strong left to the jaw, I expect.
Exactly what bizarre sequence of events led Mark to go to Japan?
Expecting women go crazy for old names like Zach, Quinn, even Job.
Fly in the zoo via jetpack -- a quick way to delight boxed up lemurs.
For a zoo job like waving at the monkeys, no experience required.
Four guys I know, a very bad jazz quartet, eat Mexican at Chipotle.
Gaze upon my quixotic breakfast: a whole-grain danish & olive jam.
Gee whiz! The expensive juicer got liquid all over my breakfast!
Geez, a freaky X-Box game is packed with squirting jugular veins!
Goyish Jaclyn was quite bummed over the un-kosher orzo faux-pas.
GQ's advice: mix a blazer with jeans & wing-tips for a youthful look.
Having a few saxophone players is required to make a jazz combo.
Hazel's kumquat flavored jellybeans were exceptionally good.
High-quality cameras jumped on zebras from six or seven km away.
How did GOP lose NJ race? Extra fizzy beverages from Quick-E-Mart.
Huzzah! Brooklyn videogame expert Jeff squashed Westchester.
I bought Frederick's of Hollywood pajamas, vanquished dozy sex.
I expect I'll acquaint myself with a vodka gimlet at the jazz bar.
I quickly served marijuana cake before exposing all to "The Wiz."
I quickly unzipped my jeans, exposing to the world my fava beans.
I realized acquiring my tanks & jet fighters would be expensive.
I realized Buck's jalopy might require a few expensive repairs.
I realized funny Steve M. was quite the expert at picking a banjo.
I realized waxy baklava equals ejection from the Top Chef game.
I realized why Joe was perverted, asking for quiet backroom sex.
I will enjoy every bite of the squid appetizer at Mako Exchange.
I'd expect you to share five squeeze-toys with my beagle Jenkins.
I'm equipped with butt jokes from gazing at racy Mix-a-Lot videos.
I've subbed Mexican mezcal for añejo tequila: we got happy-drunk.
If rejected by Xavier, Zoe M. will go with her backup, Susquehanna.
If Zeus had his way, Ajax could've become quite a triumphant king.
Ivy was jazzed to experience the most squalid parts of Bangkok.
Jack Youngblood, Rams defensive end, was quite the blitz expert.
Jacques & Zoe fly into LAX, spend a few bucks on Rodeo Drive, go home.
Jacques, a skin physician, zaps five warts and excises big moles.
Jay, the Vegan Club prez, mixed screwdrivers out of quinoa vodka.
Jeb was amazingly quick to defend his previous sexual history.
Jeez, now friends like Victoria expect the pangrams by request!
Jeff might make coq au vin with that exceptionally bold shiraz.
Jo was amazingly blind to the expensive consequences of crack.
Jobs: "Woz, I can't hold in my profound excitement over King's Quest!"
Joel Coen wrote a Hudsucker Proxy movie sequel featuring Buzz.
John M. frequently levels a sexy gaze, calls dibs on Kewpie dolls.
Jose was a vaquero in Mexico, but he kept forgetting his lazy dog.
Just a quick tip: Hold option-Z key, or beware a vexed mouse finger.
Just forget about Roxy Music; Wilson Pickett, he covered "Suzie Q."
Just guzzling chowder may prevent mosquito bites, fox attacks.
Just knowing exactly how to remove fuzz could be quite helpful.
Mezcal begins to flow, & Jacques P. breaks out the sexy dance moves.
Mizrahi designed sexy jackets, but his sequined veil was a flop.
Mo gazed at excellent jodhpurs worn by equestrian event folks.
Nobel Prize jury cited him for moxie in vanquishing risk of war.
On gameday, Fox's Joe Buck pointed out how the QB evades blitzers.
Pasqual says, "I worked this moving job 'cuz of the flexible hours."
Pat just viewed the quixotic "Fatboy" film starring Hank Azaria.
Pavel's joke at the exchequer was "I failed to bring my Czech book."
Picky men shouldn't request job offers to give Brazilian waxes.
Quick automobile list: Volkswagen, Lexus, Mazda, Chevy, Ford, Jeep.
Quid pro quo: Henry Waxman salvaged a jazz concert for Berkeley.
Quinn & Gary have an exceptional wizard-like calm before jousts.
Quint's fuzzy sideburns got kids to the Movieplex to watch Jaws.
Realize Spanx would just keep your butt cheeks from quivering.
Really, for Pete's sake, quit jabbing me with overwaxed zucchini.
Sly knew the bizarre movie script of Judge Dredd was exquisite.
Steve P. walked off the job exclaiming "You can't fire me, 'cuz I quit!"
That will require moving money budgeted for zoo expenses, Jack.
The bizarre joke flower on Melvin's tuxedo squirts cough syrup.
The God Squad is very much like jazz band, but with faith experts.
The jealous cowboy guarded his private box of a dozen kumquats.
The jersey-knit pullover was quite a good example of crazy garb.
The unexpected, amazing salve for a yellowjacket sting: bisque.
They judge the "Big Bonanza" of QVC makes Walmart seem expensive.
TV-show junk dealer Foxx frequently gulped "I'm comin', Elizabeth!"
Two shots of Java, Quik, & a fudge treat keep me exceedingly buzzed.
Very amazed, we expected jr. high to be like camp for delinquents.
Viewing pics of me enjoying the tequila nude=extreme buzzkill.
Wavy/kinky hair? Dab/spritz lemon juice; squeegee the excess off.
We exchanged your quotidian jazz album for a keepsake version.
We made quite vexing jokes for police ("the fuzz," "pigs," "tyre biters").
We squabbled on the flight from Tokyo, Japan to Veracruz, Mexico.
We'd expect payback for squirting zit juice all over the mirror.
What? By forking over millions, I can acquire a Judd box? Puh-leeze!
When excavating below the piazza, they found Trajan's kumquats.
When I spilled my frozen daiquiri, Jake gave me a sex on the beach.
When I talk jive I sound crazy square, but I excel at Forrest Gump.
When I've got a dark fez on, I expect the mob's consequent jealousy.
Why did JAX spend its first pick (10th overall) on Mizzou QB Gabbert?
Woody's sex life provided quite juicy buzz at backgammon night.
Xavier realized that Tom Petty knocked out quite a few big jams.
"My love for executive Mark Zuckerberg was unrequited," sighed J.P.
"Wazzup Sticky?" queried the funloving gentleman with the jambox.
"Why, I judge your moniker for me, 'Spaz,' quite brutish!" exclaimed Vic.
A boxer's vicious jabs and right hooks qualify him for two prizes.
A chimpanzee quite joyfully gnawed the lever in his Skinner box.
A guide asked complex questions about Zen, archery, & views of Fuji.
All must quit talking while Fred plays jazz vibes. No exceptions!
As prez, LBJ was known for funny quips and moxie over civil rights.
Big criminal Jimmy Hoffa asked Prez Nixon to view him as an equal.
Bizarre games and queer sex rituals happen in back of my VW Jetta.
Brooklyn's Jay-Z never produced a gig with ex-Tribe frontman Q-Tip.
Chance that Jorge will offer expertly made baklava equals zero.
Cooks's quiz: do you prefer lox, gravy, or jam on your biscuit, and why?
Crazy Kev required vows that I would not jump into the fridge box.
Damn funny: veritable kook jots excellent quips with "a" through "z."
Delinquent Mick Jones, of Brixton, played live with the Gorillaz.
Elizabeth I judged the exchequer fit to know government policy.
Ex-Kennedy Jello was unfazed by my threats to page the vice squad.
Exceptionally dazed jerks squabble over right to own firearms.
Excuse me, I'm only the reigning polka queen of New Zealand, by Jove.
Face it, Big Kevin is too square to play a jazz sax solo worth a damn!
Floyd snuck into a boozy strip joint, quivering with excitement.
Funky jazz clubs were quite important for developing Max Roach.
Geologists' job: to explain quartz w/ evidence from the Rocky Mtns.
Get a stuck zipper moving with Joy; excess liquid can be wiped off.
Gorky's Abstract Expressionism had a few quivering, jazzy lines.
Headquarters of the blimp-sized Toxic Avenger was the junkyard.
Hitting on a six and five, I drew a queen--an amazing blackjack play!
Homoflexible Jezebel would pick up everyone, queer or straight.
I love Queen's 'seventy-eight work "Jazz," except "Fat Bottomed Girls."
I quizzed Jeffrey Walker about his experiences during Vietnam.
I required even the snobbiest of experts to acknowledge my jazz.
I squeezed my keister into jeans, proving how flexible I could be.
I'd forgotten how much I enjoy pulques (boozy Mexican agave milks).
Improvisor Wayne Brady squeezed laughs from unexpected jokes.
In backwoods Texas, Jeff realizes he may have to squeal like a pig.
It's just crazy how quickly a big influx of women improved things.
Jack had no qualms about waste, viz., emptying a fire extinguisher.
Jack's excited for his new La-Z-Boy chair & matching pique loveseat.
Jack's subsequent try to zip around in a VW Golf had mixed results.
Jackpot! Gonzaga's boys may have qualified for the sweet sixteen!
Jerry examined the size of his big lead, vowed to quicken his pace.
Jerry Seinfeld excels at humor, like amazing quips about waving.
Jezebel faced every man with hope, like a squirrel examining a tree.
Jim Z. played receiver with the Frankfurt Galaxy football squad.
Jo questioned my plan to burglarize excessively wealthy folks.
Jo's drink: 1 oz. each - bee venom, lye, Liquid Plumr, & Gulf of Mexico water.
Jon's putting away a six-pack of Dos Equis cerveza & a shot of Malibu.
Judges gave Albuquerque, New Mexico the prize; Santa Fe said "Yuck!"
Justify G. W. Bush's privatization plans! Explain lack of Iraq WMDs!
Karate Kid quiz: Which move is used to jack up heckling boy? "Wax-off."
Lon sequestered the jury to keep them from Fox Biz News coverage.
Low-level jumping, catching Zs on the sofabed is quirky exercise.
Moreover, psych grads acquire few job skills and zero expertise.
My Benz jalopy requires expensive high-octane fuel, breaks down.
My bro realized squash was an expensive "racket" (forgive the joke).
My bud Javy would call it "Skinemax" 'cuz of the risque programming.
New York jews kvetched about amazing food at Pasquale's on Sixth.
On a chemistry quiz, Jack would extrapolate believable figures.
On my walk, I have squeezed in a stop for new jeans at BCBG Max Azria.
Pick who's sexier: Anthony Quinn (of Zorba fame), or vet John Gielgud.
Q: Who's the guy that made wacky cars out of jalopies on MTV? A: Xzibit.
Quality jazz: vibes with Xavier Cugat, Pat Metheny for keyboards.
Queen Jezebel, known for sexual promiscuity, lived the high life.
Quickly: my glow-in-the-dark pj's off, boxers on, navy Dockers zipped.
Quid pro quo: in exchange for a plum gov't. job, she'll walk your zebra.
Quite unexpectedly, the Volkswagen Jetta guzzled more biofuel.
Quixotic magazine advertisements show folks enjoying Mr. Pibb.
Robert P. of Led Zeppelin had quite a sexy voice. Jimmy Page knew it.
Scifi TV program "The X Files" won frequent major buzz and my kudos.
Squeeze a big grapefruit to express juice; a cow, and you have milk.
Texan Cruz's knowledge just may qualify him as a debate pushover.
The few extremely evasive, buzzing mosquitoes made us slap Jack.
The prospect of Kim landing even a low-quality job is next to zero.
The Xmas spirit drove Jacques to build a working Blitzen family.
The Xoloitzcuintli named Buffy spat gum wads at Viktor & Jacques.
Triple-X Tequila with a Zinfandel chaser? You have to be joking, Ma!
Val exclaimed her Jack Russell, "Bigfoot," was one crazy quadruped!
Walking from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil? Very bright: expect to squint.
Way back in eighty-five, Dexy's lame jig reaped dozens of requests.
We realized Ex Lax in place of a Hershey bar is quite a moving joke.
We realized no jobs require you to have competent faxing skills.
When I was quite young I just found backroom sex videos puzzling.
Worry not, knave, behold the prince's amazing quest: to fix the john.
Xylophone or vibes? Fuzzy asked. My joking reply: Which is quieter?
You're just amazing! Like a lovely queen! (Except for the dry elbows.)
Zap! Jokester Xavier's big lapel flower squirted right in my face.
Zapf works every job quoting old sixteenth-c. Renaissance tombs.
Zephyr Express jets have frequent problems landing at Gatwick.
Zookeeper Embery would hand foxes to a quivering Johnny Carson.
"Back to square 1" Jo realized when visiting Gulf of Mexico property.
"Exquse my fuj stainz," he wrote in his book. The guy never could spell!
"Shazam!" exclaimed Captain Marvel, but geeky Aquaman just swam off.
"Well, giving out frozen daiquiris is my job!" the barkeep exclaimed.
A boy gave what seemed like a square deal: jam in exchange for pizza.
A Brooklyn joint required the services of a pizza-warming expert.
A clever boy strategized how to wax his equipment for the ski jump.
A. J. Ornitz's cinematography work for Requiem included boxer POVs.
A.J.'s zippy fingers foxtrotted over the lab computer's QWERTY keys.
Amazingly sick boy just quaffed expectorant with pain reliever.
Amazon.com is quite expert at peddling books with joyful reviews.
ATF cops required me to open my glove box, seized joints. That's wack!
Beck and John Travolta, for example, were in a crazy quasi-religion.
Before earthquakes razed Haiti, flying to Jamaica was expensive.
Before taking the GRE, I questioned Javy who specializes in exams.
Burger King exec Jeff wanted Dos Equis cerveza as a Happy Meal toy.
Buy me wizard cloak PJ's! (Five dollars extra required for shipping.)
Combine a quart of J.D. with six oz. espresso--you'll never blink again.
Cops often jumbled maxims (viz., saying "squeaky wheels get the worm").
Crazy jargon: calamari = squid; veal = cow; bacon & porkchops = pig; fee = tax.
Crazy killer Jeffrey Dahmer was unequivocal about paying taxes.
Dave's crazy to get a taxi to limp into Queens--just take the F subway!
Dozens of jealous designers have my MacBook, equipped with Excel.
Eight-box/day smoker Jeff wheezed, acquiesced to prevention plan.
Exculpatory evidence says Kim Jong Un knew zip about the BBQ fire.
Expats rendezvous for bisque at Paris cafes, just like Hemingway.
Experiencing violent jerks of your quadriceps? Maybe take a whiz!
False charges jeopardized Mavis, but she was quickly exonerated.
Felix J. knew everything about quadriceps and trapezius muscles.
Forward's equalizer goal just banked in, happily: match even at six.
Francis Xavier (né de Jasso y Azpilicueta) might be Basque, you know.
Frankly, don't judge the Quiz Show movie on its box office receipts.
FYI, I gave up six dozen poker hands in a row and quit. Blackjack time!
Game-faced Zeke privately ached to wear a bejeweled & sequined tux.
Grampa, who will quickly be 80, expects to find a lover like Zeta-Jones.
Having a sword jammed in his coccyx, the klutz required ibuprofen.
He just spent a week devoid of exercise, lying in bed quaffing Zima.
However equipped, I'm still conceiving of your Ford ZX2 as a bad joke.
I expect to quite like Woody's movies but not his forgettable jazz.
I expect Turkey will have pledged bases for jets to zoom into Iraq.
I just have to know, Doc: X-ray this bizarre, quivering lump on my calf.
I just quoted out of context, forgot the vowels, zapped my keyboard.
I know every Led Zeppelin jingle on sax, but as for Queen, not so much.
I played J. S. Bach's Wohltemperierte Klavier fugues on squeeze box.
I question why you judged the former Czechoslovakia expendable.
I realize quivering Miley's just a example of backwards thinking.
I realized nothing motivates you to jog except Bisquick waffles.
I saw fresh squid, gyoza, & exotic vegetables at the Japanese market.
I squelched my plans for taking Buzz to Orthodox Jewish services.
I'm a lexicographer—I know I'd finish the vocabulary quiz in a jiffy!
I'm puzzled that even in Mexico Biff won't quit saying racist jokes.
I've squashed any foolish buzz marketing with extreme prejudice.
In the Ep. VI you'll see Ewoks, Jedi probes, and amazing SFX sequences
It took a squad of CPR experts blowing mightily to revive Jezebel.
Javy's large-size Ford F-150 truck (the "Lobo" in Mexico) is quite powerful.
Jed came to explore quaint towns on the banks of the Yangtze River.
Jeez, I question why each CGI pixel in the bad movie took four hours.
Jeff & Kevin were quite sure that the common alphabet ending is "...xyz."
Jeff Buckley tours would have been equally amazing experiences.
Jessica Sanchez, a young but expert diva, frequently makes us weep.
Jim, gypsy children have been known to waltz, foxtrot, & square dance.
Jo froze some of the expensive wedding cake (brides frequently do).
Jo knew tequila shots and fuzzy navels might prove to be exciting.
Jo's amazing "Mavis Beacon" software explained how to type quickly.
John M.'s gas guzzler is frequently parked at Baylor Univ. in Waco, TX.
Johnny F. believed Zep & Queen would be excellent background music.
Joy B. had the required snorkeling experience for Cozumel's waves.
Judy's "Quickfire Challenge" was to invent an appetizer from Borax.
Judy's "Quickfire Challenge" was to invent an appetizer from Borax.
Julie Xed every incorrect response on the quiz with a big fat mark.
Just this week: cheap fuzzy boxers! Good value! Quantities limited!
Kay X. realized Pastor John oversaw quite a number of congregants.
Klutzy foxtrotters hope sequined bums will divert dance judges.
Lucky Jim's offering quite a party: bodacious vixens out the wazoo.
M. L. King Jr. expressed belief in equality with amazing conviction.
Max was crazy about playing for Bruce, which never required jokes.
Maybe five Texans will just keep squirting hazardous sunscreen.
My fave things during sex: just squeezing pimples & licking elbows.
My sex life is improving: just now the coquette Izabel winked at me!
On jaunty Franklin's watch, government's size expanded quite a bit.
Overflowing with moxie, the Packer squad just seized the bye week.
Quack! An expert birdwatcher gazed over the marsh, looking for joy.
Seven-Up is watery but Coke has more fizz, the liquid expert judged.
Tantalizing: fried squash with buckwheat-roux gravy and pear jam.
The Alcatraz escape job involved a faux mask & digging quite a ways.
The aquatic explosions make bubbles, fizz, and waves, Jerry argued.
The chimpanzee played a joke on the queen tigress by fixing her VW.
The jovial kissing fox & zebra appliqued on my quilt were charming.
The Traveling Wilburys quiz: is Jeff Lynne an example of a rock god?
The wizard's job: to sprinkle magic pixie dust over the fairy queen.
The X-factor: will mortage rates squeeze even deep pockets by July?
The x-ray light waves from quasars zoom by dark planetary objects.
To pass a huge quiz to prove flexibility, I just licked my own elbow.
Unwavering mob seeks equality; unfazed execs just sip champagne.
Vague jokes, implied violence, ersatz sex, & brief nudity: how quaint!
Vodka, mezcal, & gin are frequently used by mixing them up with juice.
Watch Kim avoid jury duty by flexing her trapezius obsequiously.
We eight squeezed in a jeep, buckled up, and drove off to Mexico City.
When advertizing, just bump up the quantity of exclamation marks!!!
Will ex-prez Clinton forget his quarrel, move back to DC in January?
With special FX, Jack Black played Queen Elizabeth in a gory movie.
Women hopping to Juarez & back does not qualify as expat adventure.
Working expertise in climbing is required of every job at the zoo.
Worst Muzak: covering Beck and Jamiroquai on xylophone and flute.
WV gets jokes about crappy IQ, but folks from AZ should be in the mix.
Zach, always quite curmudgeonly, expressed no joy over breakfast.
Zeke was a prom DJ at Trax, the nightclub of Susquehana University.
Zero Jewish kids are excepted from required Bible reading. Oy vey!
"A quesadilla, please," Xavier politely asked, watching Jeff zip by me.
"Back off!" exclaimed the very drunk Pasquale. "I just might whizz on ya!"
"Ebony" magazine just published a quick review of "Waiting to Exhale."
"The condenser gets water vapor back to liquid form!" exclaimed Jay-Z.
"Toto's bigger in the X-rated version of The Wiz," my uncle Jack quipped.
"Y'know, there's no excuse for lazy service!" Grandpa Jacques bemoaned.
A squint-eyed vet exhorted the poor fellow to just go back to the DMZ.
Ab Ex ranges from Newman's lovely zips to Jackson's splashed quarts.
Amazingly, we expected Frank's baby to have a certain je ne sais quoi.
Being caught in snow (or any frozen liquid) keeps Xavier from his job.
Biz school prof proved he can make money selling exquisite jewels.
Buzz F. questioned the extent to which I can improve my joke-telling.
Buzzfeed questioned why long jackets from Tokyo are so expensive.
Crazy British lad owes me sixty-five quid; I'll "union-jack" him up good.
Didja know your biz is gonna have to pay off income taxes quarterly?
Down a jigger of Sauza tequila, body-check the next person who moves.
Earwax buildup squashed my plans for taking over the jazz concert.
Esquivel! (with the exclamation mark) played beautiful lounge jazz.
Essex's Moyet & Vince Clark required low-budget hype for Yaz project.
Exec's breakfast: Poach a dozen quail eggs, serve with kumquat jelly.
Exiled during the civil war, Jimenez frequently read poetry books.
Expect Jack to be authorized to film a new sequel to "Gumby: The Movie."
Expect sequels of the "World War Z" movie; I just know they'll be coming.
Exquisite breakfast: Jeff drizzles warm syrup over huge pancakes.
Extra packaging of Cheez-Whiz made everybody squeal in objection.
Flavor Flav equipped DJ Terminator X with jazz recordings by Monk.
Forgotten homework excuse: it was embezzled by a Japanese vaquero.
Frequent joke when having cybersex: "I put on my cloak and wizard hat."
From "Gay Science" text alone, Nietzsche proves to be quite a jerkwad.
Glyphs was excellent for adjusting Bezier curves quickly on a Mac.
Godzilla just flamed every car on the Brooklyn-Queens Expressway.
He paid to learn Quickbooks just to itemize my vague tax write-offs.
Here you would find pangrams--x1500! Unique achievement or bizarre joke?
His way of quickly flexing & moving his jawbone had a certain pizazz.
Holiday quiz: at Xmas, why just burn a yule log? I prefer carved turkey.
I believe if you quiz them, Josh and Chuck would explain everything.
I can't quit viewing the Mystic Pizza flick--Julia Roberts excelled!
I frequently dream of working on the beach, but jeez is it expensive!
I had to look up "Hova." Wow! Expect a bump in frequency of Jay-Z pangrams!
I have a unique Xmas wishlist: I'd enjoy receiving a breakfast pizza.
I just don't get how he acquired amazingly expensive food--he's broke!
I just realized I could quit at sixty-five, pack my bags, and head west.
I love quoting sexist jokes from "Three's Company" about ditzy women.
I quietly walked over to Jezebel, an exotic dancer from Pittsburgh.
I quiver at the sound of "Goodbye Yellow Brick Road" on a jazz mixtape.
I realize everyone except my wife June loves the Packer QB Rodgers.
If xenon weren't a noble gas, Jack would've passed his chemistry quiz.
Inexpert vocals ought to disqualify this jowly bozo from karaoke.
It was quite a faux-pas to back my Benz into my daughter's old VW Jetta.
J. Klugman played Quincy; however, he earned more buzz as Felix's mate.
Jabberwocky: author of Wonderland quipping crazy, mixed-up verses.
Jack realized his BMW required non-oxygenated gas at every fill-up.
Jacqueline Kennedy amazed, with her pillbox hat and svelte figure.
Jacques voted up for the King's execution. What an amazing assembly!
Jacques's pro bono work did very little to maximize the firm's image.
Jeffery P. held his breath 'cuz he knew exhaling invites mosquitoes.
Jews from Queens traveled to Brooklyn's exciting kosher pizzeria.
Jezebel found having pretty waxy facial skin will quash modeling.
Jicama-chomping vegans were excited about crazy foods like Quorn.
Jim fantasized about having sex with a large quantity of pancakes.
Jim vaporized extraterrestrials with quick blasts of his raygun.
Jo experimented with subbing tequila in her Fuzzy Navel cocktail.
Joel W.'s quite a sucker for buying an expensive de-ionizing machine.
Joking of his inexperience, he drew on quite an amazing vocabulary.
Joy drank eight bottles of Dos Equis Mexican cerveza, then threw up.
Joyless House Speaker would squeeze tax bill votes from congress.
Lazy Jacques bemoaned, "I don't even know what upright sex feels like."
Me, victor of a faxing prize?! What do they joke about a blind squirrel...?
Mexico oversaw dry Arizona, while Navajos kept Albuquerque foggy.
My "quick" jalopy, an old VW bug, can go from zero to sixty in half an hour.
My ex-wife Brooke is too lazy to jog and too quiet to deliver a speech.
My friend kept acquiring "laziest taxman awards" at his Revenue job.
My queer habit: gazing at "Walker, Texas Ranger" episodes on Jeff's VCR.
My, like, favorite showbiz secret: just adding sequins to your Spanx.
Ogilvy exec dumped a quarter of a zillion bucks worth of junk bonds.
On the piazza, Jo gawked at Bernini's expertly carved Quattro Fiumi.
Our job washing the very foul chimpanzees required an oxygen tank.
Owning that Dave Brubeck album doesn't qualify you as a jazz expert.
Paige J. realized fantasy books were even more risqué than Cinemax!
Pretty mouse squeaks have a way of bedazzling my injudicious manx.
Prez Bill Clinton was frequently just making excuses on the video.
Quick, explain how it might be Clinton vs. Bush. Crazy sense of deja vu!
Quinn gawks at my diet, for ex., frozen burritos & peach-flavored Jell-O.
Quite obvious in Juarez, Mexico: Fargo, North Dakota, is a snowy place.
Quiz: who sang "Jump"? (a) Dexy's Midnight Runners (b) Van Halen (c) Kraftwerk
Sexy Jacqueline Bissett played wife Liz in movie The Greek Tycoon.
Since he moved away from Brooklyn, Jeff G. can't find exquisite pizza.
Spelled right? Brit: "Banque! Connexion!" Yank: "Jewelry! Memorize! Favor!"
Thanksgiving quiz: do women prefer extra gravy or cranberry jello?
The "X-men" faves: Berry, Romijn, Stewart, Paquin, McKellan, & CGI wizardry.
The buzz is, Jacques M.'s lovely, pregnant wife looks ready to explode!
The ex-Quaker amazed by singing "Joy to the World" in a powerful voice.
The Gipper just waxed quivering Fritz Mondale back in 'eighty-four.
The QB always zeroed in on the receiver, expecting him to juke the FS.
Traffic jams near LAX wouldn't budge. The five should be zippy-quick.
Type design quiz: Did J. Mickel invent Letterbox or Fort? Answer: Both.
Vets quickly anaesthetize animal organs: my bird's jaw, for example.
Wacky Joe Biden's facing exhaustive questions: is he prez material?
We may give an unexpected squirt of lime juice to his bizarre drink.
Why is L. Frank Baum's exciting journey to Oz frequently played on TV?
Will the old ex-prizefighter jab meat again in the sequel to Rocky V?
Winfrey jumpstarted Spanx like crazy by saying she, quote, loved 'em.
With a brief cocking of his head, Jimmy gave a quizzical expression.
Xmas fun: Queen sang a jazzy "King Wenceslas," "Bohemian Rhapsody" on TV.
You can quickly view X-Games bits: just fast-forward with the zapper.
-I watched a jazz saxophonist's moving rendition of "Berkeley Square."
"Who will you scapegoat for failing the exam?" Buzz V. jokingly queried.
A few boys playing jump rope in Quartzsite uncovered the T-Rex skull.
Anejo mezcal is an agave liquor from Mexico with a bold, smoky aspect.
Anxious wrecks submitted to therapy of Dr. J. Katz. In Squigglevision!
AZ law makes cops harass every Mexican. Quit donning sombreros, Jeff!
Back safe in the Midwest, Dorothy judged Oz purely a quixotic vision.
Becky just had a vague question for experts: "How do I pasteurize milk?"
Bellow examined Jewish identity of Herzog in his quick-paced novel.
Bizarrely, the Extreme Sports Network frequently covered jogging.
BJ acknowledged frequently snoozing during comprehensive exams.
Booze made me speak exactly like Quint from the original Jaws movie.
Cheez Whiz for breakfast!? Jacques is not exactly improving his diet.
Cody gazed at Hokusai's "Views of Mt. Fuji," an album of exquisite prints.
Crazy J. Cage kept quiet for several minutes, bowed, & headed to the exit.
Crazy: Extra judge required to determine the backflip dive winners!
Daniel realized Miyagi's favor request (car-wax job) helped in karate.
Dave unwisely forgot extra bananas; chimpanzees were quick to jeer.
Despite having an excellent breakfast, Jacques was amazingly slow.
Disturbing to believe I can just expect my head will be quick-frozen!
Does Fox's Azaria voice Springfield's Mayor Quimby, with JFK's accent?
Enjoy every exquisite clause of the amazing daily web pangram king.
Evidently John Hodgman's "Areas of My Expertise" book was quite crazy.
Expect to be amazed: I'm quivering on the front lawn, naked as a jaybird.
Expert synthesizer work: "No Jacket Required" album from 'eighty-five.
Fact: Powers (Mike Myers) judged Vanessa (Elizabeth Hurley) quite sexy.
Fox-TV's Jack is always barely defusing bombs & quizzing the suspects.
Fred took extra care not to utilize "squaw," a mighty pejorative label.
Geeky Jeff Z. would frequently give his phone number in hexadecimal.
Gian Lorenzo B.'s exquisitely formed David was gonna jack up Goliath.
Go jump back in queue five if you have exactly a dozen items or fewer.
Good drink, FYI: just mix up twelve oz. each: limeade, tequila, water, & beer.
Good job on the appetizers (excluding fried squid with anchovy milk)!
Gulp down the veggie pizza and chuck the box before you join a mosque.
Having just forgotten Ray-Bans, Zeke P. squinted all the way to Mexico.
I am equipped to pay the government zero taxes on a new, jet black Ford.
I expect Jake will have quite a bit to say regarding Zimmerman's fate.
I fantasize about quickie sex with a plump virgin in corduroy jeans.
I just think of stargazing as sexy--to climb up hills and view quasars.
I look sixty pounds overweight squeezed into my fiancé's blue jeans.
I realize Jeff M. knows how to be quiet, but I expected genuine privacy!
I realized arming foxes with jackknives was a questionable policy.
I'm quite crazy about Weimar jokes—for example, "gloves" are "hand-shoes"!
If vending premium-quality jazz saxes, write about them on Facebook.
In an excellent sequence of moves, Joy won third prize at backgammon.
In the shark movie "Jaws," Quint (expertly paced by Shaw) goes on a frenzy.
Jack realized people were frequently using the abbreviation "Xmas."
Jackie V. embroiders fancy quilt patterns with amazing exactitude.
Jacquie, excoriated as a floozy, acknowledged she may have problems.
Jaws chomped the pressurized oxygen tank; Quint's rifle saved Brody.
Jewish lady from Nevada? Expect quite a bit of talking about Arizona.
Jo fixed up her zebrafish aquarium with black gravel & day-glo plants.
Jokes about "avoiding the fuzz" at police HQ only exacerbated my woes.
Jr.-varsity football whupped the squad, making their record six & zero.
Just forget the Czech Republic and Slovakia - you mix Iraq and Kuwait!
Marranzano pancakes and Jew's harps require very flexible tongues.
MLK Jr. excoriated the very bigoted fire dept. who squirted citizens.
Moby Dick: major whale quashes captain's extreme zeal for vengeance
Muffy quenches thirst with vodka, rubs oozing jelly on solar plexus.
My friend J.P. sews textiles together, obviously making a crazy quilt.
My kid frequently goes crazy, but I never expected he'd wind up in jail!
My new job required a commute in this freakin' expensive gas guzzler!
OK, I never realized Squiggy made such excellent Japanese blowfish!
On foreign exchange from Japan, Kazuo served BBQ yams at the Waldorf.
Playing in IMAX: Fight is over; Alice conquered a bizarre Jabberwock.
Public officials judged Velazquez's Rokeby Venus somewhat X-rated.
Put every Def Jam mix on your Zune, like squirrel cheeks big with nuts.
Puzzling how Tex liked country music and BBQ joints but never fit in.
Query about F. Xavier's name: I just pronounced it like it began with a z.
Question: can I exchange new wave CDs for some rockabilly, pop, or jazz?
Quirky Japanese consume blowfish despite paralyzing nerve toxin.
Quoth the jerk from Marketing: "Incentivizing will expand your base."
Ravens quarterback Flacco expected to ogle Jay-Z's wife at halftime.
Realize that excellent marks qualify everybody for jumps in wages.
Sequestered juries were unfazed by the cop's extreme talking voice.
Skater Zhang just quieted the Olympic arena with five double axels.
Squeezed into an XS tube-top, Joy discovered men were flocking to her.
Squirrels jockey for position, viz., within my dogwood's axial branch.
That blank face tells me you never realized Jacques was a sexist pig.
The "KEEP CALM" job quieted citizens during the explosive years of WW2.
The Albuquerque Zoo received a present of six jackals from Wyoming.
The club expert just talked me into resizing the weave of my racquet.
The Czech longjumpers & Mexican equestrians broke very few records.
The fox quickly realized he was unable to jump onto an impassive dog.
The juvenile "examine your zipper pretty darn quick" was befuddling.
The very powerful conquistador's job: taking Mexico from the Aztecs.
The zeal for God wasn't kept quiet by Francis Xavier, himself a Jesuit.
Though klutzy with a quarterstaff, Jo is becoming very adept at axes.
TV execs realized Jaclyn, Farrah, & Kate would reap quite good numbers.
Wanted: Jokey "Fozzie Bear" type willing to have sex. Costume required.
We commanded Jo: please nuke eight frozen taquitos in the oven by six.
We just squeezed another six cubic yards of gravel on the dumptruck.
When Buzz P. squirted orange juice he luckily avoided the Xmas gifts.
When Mark Z. wears a tuxedo with goofy elbow patches I quiver with joy.
Wilczek's project, examining quarks, fully deserved the Nobel Prize.
Your frequent jokes & bizarre exclamations would provoke laughter.
Zack and Quinn exchanged jabs, & revealing photos, on my Facebook wall.
 Writing in the Czech Republic, flummoxed Jacques lacked vocabulary.
"Hey, excessive desserts just make me squeezable!" protested Wolfgang.
"Prezi just seems like an excessively fraught Powerpoint," Bo quipped.
"The Squeeze" (featuring M. Keaton) was justly viewed as a box-office flop.
"Unfrozen caveman lawyer" basks in the judge's exceptional acquittal.
"Zut alors!" scream the French queen and king whenever they spy a jambox.
A quite vicious "Something About Mary" joke: Diaz had a waxy flap of hair.
Amazingly hard job: explain to Vicky that the new Ford requires no gas.
Blend okra on level six ("Liquify"). Zap in microwave eight minutes. Enjoy!
Blitzkrieg: joint Heer/Luftwaffe team quickly exploded into Sèvres.
Bush's extra-large-sized-WMDs-in-Iraq prevarications: an unfunny joke.
Buzz frequently joked: "More exciting than watching sports? The TV off."
Careful! Just keep quiet about women's zygotes! (Sex-ed is verboten here.)
CJ's farm was razed by the explosion that squirted milk on everything.
Cognizant of their job, the Committee will validate quirky expenses.
Crazy Mythbusters squad loves to explode things just for knowledge.
Dizzy's cheek-blowing technique is not advised for inexpert jammers.
Does P.J. realize how often Mix-A-Lot's "Baby's Got Back" video is requested?
Dumb joke: The chick had seven quarts of Tilex in his gizzard: fowl play.
Each ventriloquist wore a bizarre look, for example a dodgy jumpsuit.
Every question mark & exclamation point Jeff made was bizarrely huge.
Expectant mothers crave bizarre foods like quinoa with grape jelly.
Expecting quinine flavor, he jammed powdered bark in his fizzy tonic.
Expert judge Mizrahi was quick to lambaste my cuffed raglan sleeves.
For working on ear wax, I'd say Q-Tips are just the best. Or vacuum nozzles.
French wine: "Ze bouquet is exceptional, avec just un peu of monkey dung."
Gravy?! What a quite bizarre substitute for plum juice in mixed drinks!
Happy Mark Z. wasn't in love--just excited about first-quarter earnings.
High-quality makeup job! I was floored to discover Zoe is transsexual!
How I fixed my job's boredom: thinking of each pizza delivery as a quest.
I equivocated whether Jeff should be utilized in making xylophones.
I expect Wolf to be a marine zoology major--he'd love to stock aquariums.
I have always taken drugs (Quaaludes, a joint) before reading Zap Comix.
I never expected Jeff Bridges in a Kong sequel with a tiny chimpanzee!
I realized Jamaica's football squad know how to party extravagantly.
I was just quizzed on six or eight Pokemon facts, but knew every detail.
If smoking his Mary Jane, expect frequent bowel movements & dizziness.
If the zookeeper expected clean monkey cages, we have to quit this job.
In a bizarre sequence, the field expert killed some guy with a javelin.
It's quite crazy: he can press five or six hundred lbs., making my jaw drop.
J. Hendrix's powerful "Voodoo Chile" begins quietly, then goes kamakazi.
Jacques discovered few makeup experts able to conceal his ugly zits.
Jacques discovered few makeup experts able to conceal his ugly zits.
Jacques wanted a gay zookeeper to love but none met his exact profile.
Jasmine realized we had to eighty-six the Vaquero breakfast special.
Jeb's amazing Schwinn 3-speed avoids stinky exhaust, squanders no fuel.
Jeez, the keg party requires five dollars? How about American Express?
Jeff's required by law to acknowledge he never played Suzie's mixtape.
Jeffrey was quite excited to give when he realized it was a sperm bank.
Jim Nabors, who played an extra goofy yokel, had quite an amazing voice.
Jo exclaimed without equivocation: "Dunking pretzels in syrup is fab!"
Jo's "extreme makeover" included resizing the driveway to fit a BBQ pit.
Knox is unflavored, Mac. Jell-O, however, is unquestionably appetizing.
Major inability to peel, freeze, takeout, & draw vexes the curling squad.
Mike Inez would play expert grooves on the subsequent CD Jar of Flies.
Much ado over Cowboys's first draft pick, blazingly quick Felix Jones.
My fave bebop: Dexter Gordon's jazz quartet, with Kenny Clarke on drums.
On the Xavier Univ. quad, a few grizzly college kids jumped at frisbees.
Orthodox Jews are coming over for breakfast & Zoey feels ill-equipped.
Prez Richard M. Nixon requests you avoid talking about JFK & Watergate.
Q-tips are five or six dollars, but knowing I can hear my jazz: priceless.
Quantities of debt peaking in July, which may neutralize tax revenue.
Queen Elizabeth's cursive writing is extremely fluid, Jack reported.
Queen Latifah is a wizard compared to Lexington, Kentucky's DJ Beavis.
Quiet yet somehow explosive: Duke Ellington created beautiful jazz.
Quijote & Panza were examples of strongly developed book characters.
Quimby likes to jaw about how taxpaying citizens deserve far better.
Squiggy's jobs: charging in unwelcomed, vexing De Fazio; being unkempt.
Sub-zero temps and extreme snowbanks qualify as just vicious enough.
The bizarre kid sent a proxy to the viewing of Jacques Tati's Mon Oncle.
The Mazda's front axle just broke; I know it'll require pricy servicing.
The quack doctor prescribes five laxatives, zooms away in his Jaguar.
Vowing "No queer folk!" betrays your amazing prejudice of homosexuals.
Vowing to quit your job and become a fox hunter seems like a crazy plan.
Wacky "Dexter's Lab" programs have bizarre "Justice Friends" sequences.
Washington DC's a den of iniquity, Brooklyn a pox on man, Vegas just a zoo.
We just squeezed the Charmin, kept hold of the Eggo, & gave Trix to a bunny.
When making jpgs, squeeze each and every pixel out of Adobe Photoshop.
Would it jeopardize our marriage if I had quickie sex with Bert Convy?
Zach Galifianakis has the moxie to equip his jowls with a heavy beard.
Zoe viewed a quick axonometric projection of the Chrysler Building.
Zoe: "I have quietly snuck down & examined presents before. Don't judge me!"
"Jeepers, that's show biz for ya!" exclaimed Quinn when being sacked by MTV.
A judge affixed a first-prize sticker to my hen; my wobbly legs quivered.
A yeoman snorkels in deep waves of Cozumel, Mexico before jetting to HQ.
Amazing lexicon joke: sesquipedalophobia = the fear of very long words.
An extended bout of craziness kept my uncle Jacques from having a wife.
Before my grave, I'd like to quit my job, box a champion, and swim the Amazon.
Before six vodka screwdrivers & tequila, Meg is jumpy; after, horizontal.
By masquerading as an ax-wielding crazy person I gave jr. high kids fits.
Champagne gave me a buzz, but tequila just knocked the wax out of my ears.
Chimpanzees squeal like my ex girlfriend whined. Just an observation.
Coach Z.'s joking reply : "What about the squad's execution? I'm in favor of it."
Comet & Vixen, quite snobby, were jeering at Rudolph's flickering schnoz.
Cruz's bloviating quickly showed him to be a joke of a Texas politician.
Dex gave my chicken fajita platter a bit of sizzle with a squirt of lime.
Dick exchanged a Guatemalan quetzal for about forty-two Javan rupees.
Does a lazy farmer have the required jacket to be exposed to high winds?
Don't request a redneck joke from Foxworthy - he'll probably give dozens.
Elizabeth questions why we can't adjust taxes for people making over $1M.
Ex-con Jack realized it'd be good to move away from police headquarters.
Exasperated by Walking Dead zombies, Jeff quit buying graphic novels.
Excellent role-playing from the D.M. makes Jacques believe he's a wizard.
Execs promote junk like Dairy Queen burgers and Cheez Whiz over fruit.
Expanding the Jefferson Ave. bikeway causes quality of life to zoom up.
Extra-large quay project aims to revitalize Brooklyn wharf district.
Foreign numbers list: jedan, due, zwei, chtyri, piec, roku, qi, wyth, nueve, dix.
Fresh-squeezed juice is expensive; you're better drinking lemon-water.
Having downed six tequila drinks, I judged myself to be an Aztec prince.
Hipgnosis just made awesome, quirky visuals for excellent Zep albums.
I could quickly come up with excuses for divorcing you but I'm just lazy.
I happily realized jokes about my sexual inadequacy were forgivable.
I quickly realized Cracker Jack boxes with free things improve sales.
I realized frequently throwing vicious jabs helped my boxing skills.
I suggested Quinn was a nutjob for loving me; he replied "Crazy like a fox!"
I was labeled a sex pervert just for masquerading as an elk! That's crazy!
I wove in expertise on citizen-industry sequencing from J. K. Galbraith.
I'd love a coquettish zookeeper to growl at me in the jellyfish exhibit.
I'd love making a bus equipped with a nitrous oxide injector & fuzzy dice.
I'd prefer jogging with piquant Salma over sexy C. Diaz, but either works.
I'm examining my qualitative data to check if the prez will keep his job.
I'm gonna put an extra two oz. of tequila in my drink, just to be chivalrous.
I'm realizing only a few cops have the kind of moxie required for the job.
I'm very qualified to jack up the Mazda and exchange a substitute wheel.
If anybody inquires why I'm gone, just explain my vacation in Zaire, okay?
Jack froze his lumpy warts before his evening date w/ a coquettish minx.
Jacques-Louis David is a wiz at painting the emperor looking sexy & buff.
Jacquie spritzed her neck with sexy-smelling cologne before leaving.
Jake's manufacturing question: why does envelope epoxy taste bizarre?
James Brown, even as a sixty-five-year-old geezer, was chock full of pique.
Jeff must've squandered extra gas happily, because now the tank is zero.
Jimmy X. lacks the required willpower for passing over Buzzfeed links.
Joe's exciting Facebook posts reveal him as quite a wizard at wordplay.
Joyce's extreme klutziness prevents her softball squad from winning.
Joyful persona mixed w/ interest in having kids made Buzz quite a catch.
Joyful Weezer math: Given x as "Blue Album," x plus one equals "Pinkerton" CD.
Kraft execs rejected ChewPops (gum-flavored quiescently frozen bars).
Little-known fact: College prez from Oxy held a service job at La Quinta.
Maybe the expectations about wide receiver Dez grew too quickly, Jeff.
Me gustan Mexican avocado & jalapeno followed by zucchini quickbread.
Mexican jumping beans were a key diversion on my flight to Mozambique.
Mickey realized devouring a few Jell-O boxes led to his plaque buildup.
Moby Dick executive summary: crazy Pequod chief jousts against whale.
Overdosing on Quaaludes jeopardized my whole breakfast experience.
Prez Reagan considered tax hikes on fancy jewels a questionable move.
Quality tamagozake's Japanese; however, I heard of it on a Mexican beach.
Queensryche was a metal band. Foghat, seventies pop/rock. Max Roach, jazz.
Quickly open your evil-hex hymnal and join me in singing "Beelzebub FTW."
Quite a playlist: Van Halen's "Jump," Pixies' "Broken Face," Weezer's "Good Life."
Quite simple, Zac: just exchange Boardwalk for Kentucky Ave. & build on it!
Quiz: what worked to move you: Ex-Lax; strong coffee; or the patience of Job?
Ross and Jackson follow exquisite yellow-brick paving to meet the Wiz.
The conquistador Juan Pizarro had smallpox ably working in his favor.
The GM executive joked: "Zillion ways to fail but a unique path to profit."
The quack only exacerbated my awful jeans-zipper/private-parts gaffe.
Vapid Joy squeezed my right shoulder and exclaimed, "What a hunk of beef!"
Victorians (so-called after the Queen) were grumpy: zero jokes about sex.
Viewing the adjusted income from my taxes, I realize I'm quite bankrupt.
Visitors of Zanzibar don't really require jackets: expect warm nights.
Wax cylinder, quadraphonic LP, eight-track: J. Mraz blows in every format.
We forget how Monk improvised quirky jazz! Example: Brilliant Corners.
While journeying to Kenya, Bono Vox championed equal rights for Zaire.
Why did Kevin exchange his antique lapis lazuli brooch for marijuana?!
With every six-pack of Squirt, I wonder if I'm getting close to Jabba size.
You want me to make a garlic and anchovy-fish pizza? I quit this job! [Exits.]
"OK, she zapped a few emails! What's the big controversy?!" Jacques exclaimed.
A sequencer project that worked: "Bizarre Love Triangle" from 'eighty-six.
Along the way to the quarterfinals, Mexico skunked Djibouti five to zip.
Back in July of 'eighty-seven, a "Mr. Zog's Sex Wax" t-shirt was a required piece.
Boys love making up facts like "There are a zillion orthodox jews in Iraq."
Carefully breathe in waves, exhale. Just keep using zen to quiet the mind.
Cervantes satirized chivalric life just by making Quixote powerless.
Defying the Soviets in a Berlin square, Prez JFK exclaimed he was a donut.
Even Craig knew just how to ride a buzz from one tequila party to the next.
Execrable Cocktail: two oz. ea. OJ, Plymouth gin, Veuve Clicquot, and Fresca.
Exiled from Pizza Hut, we just moved to burgers and Coke from Dairy Queen.
Exposed to a bizarre flu in Gotham, Aquaman developed cysts and lockjaw.
George was quick to exclude Yoko from Beatle pizza parties, John avowed.
Good part: Jennifer L., from the Bronx, NY, was Miss Marquez in the movie "Jack."
Grandpa would drink a shot of anejo tequila at five p.m. and be crazy by six.
Howard Stern's a nutjob? He's frequently proving himself crazy like a fox!
I dreamt of bizarre sex involving WKRP's Bailey Quarters & Jon from CHiPs.
I felt anxious that I would never quench my desire for a job at Pizza King.
I knew the zoo was squalid; I just never expected there'd be so many fights.
I slowly realized that "Extreme Makeover" made quite a big impact on Jeff.
Its jokey double entendres made "Squeeze Box" Chip's favorite Who single.
Jack realized the female curves in Rubens' Baroque paintings were sexy.
Jacques D. might've taken a bottle of expectorant syrup for his wheezing.
Jaded cops know that text messages frequently utilize abbreviations.
Jar of mild BBQ sauce very fuzzy & yellow-green? Check the expiration date.
Javier quickly got excited at a world football championship in Brazil.
Jeopardized, the mighty black squirrel finds ways to avoid extinction.
Jezebel V. knew unexpected mood shifts were a consequence of pregnancy.
Jezebel, pure agave tequila wouldn't make you sick like that mixto stuff.
Jim P., known for criticizing homosexuals, covertly frequented gay bars.
Jo couldn't quit guffawing when V. Borge makes a crazy exclamation point.
John's excellent crazy walk qualified as an apogee of British TV comedy.
Juvenile delinquents know about sex far too early: go to zoos, see chimps.
Kid brother's crazy explanations of the Space Jam movie were quite good.
Kim had expensive taste, no job, & consequentially a warzone of a marriage.
Kingly Jesuit Baroque Pope Innocent XI reformed the Vatican with zeal.
Miss Piggy kept vowing that Fozzie Bear had exceptional "je ne sais quoi."
MLK Jr.'s "Dream" was an exceptionally bold visualization of equal rights.
Model Beverly Johnson's exquisite face is going up on this week's Bazaar.
My acquaintance Fritz proved jogging is better exercise than walking.
My ex-wife reckoned Buzz Lightyear's jokes in the sequel an improvement.
My version of Sex on the Beach: 2 oz. tequila, Mtn Dew, pickle juice. No garnish.
My whippet Jacques barks as much as Xolotl, Aztec god of the evening star.
Ninjas: executioners who prefer to be brave, sneaky, and amazingly quiet.
Pack some Zoloft: the big move from TX to WY requires quite an adjustment.
Paralyzed in triskaidekaphobia, I quaff exactly twelve Jägers, no more.
Pavel realized a way to jingle more: by exchanging a quarter for nickels.
Prez Truman, seeking to finish the war, conquered by explosives in Japan.
Providence has graced us with this fabulous, exquisite jazzman Kenny G.!
Queen bees dance zigzag jigs, force workers to make honey. Exploitative?
Queen Elizabeth & James Bond skydove together (special fx were employed).
Quite the playboy: J. Carter acknowledged lustful sex drive in magazine.
Realize when I say "quite peckish" I just mean extremely starved for grub.
Serving as Runway judge, Zac Posen became quite exhilarated by kaftans.
Sexy bell-bottom jeans and a fuzzy cape? I've awoken in the age of aquarius!
Springfield extras: Hutz is a vile shyster; Quimby, a corrupt JFK wannabe.
Suzy's questions to the DSW clerk: Available in oxblood? Good for jumping?
The Kangerlussuaq Fjord is a happy zone for caribou & even a few muskoxen.
The medical examiner on TV played by Jack Klugman was Quincy, not Fonzie!
Timberlake/Jackson SB XXXVIII goof required playback with the zapper.
Walking in Xico, I'm amazed by the quaint private jardines behind fences.
We from the Occupy movement judge tax breaks for zillionaires unequal.
While in Egypt, Jezebel quickly found she liked sphinxes over pyramids.
Would it be crazy to offer up sex favors to the queen mother? Just kidding.
Wow! J. Nelson (Breakfast Club movie) prays to Aztec goddess Coyolxauhqui!
WTF guests, for example jazz singers, have been quite remarkably candid.
X-Ray covers Quiet Riot's "Cum on Feel the Noize" using keyboards & Jew's harp.
.WAV file's extremely "chipmunky": adjust treble settings on the equalizer.
"Romancing" plot: Jack fights for a very exquisite jewel dubbed El Corazon.
"You realize you're G. W. Bush?! Do your freaking job, or quit!" exclaimed the veep.
After bumping her bowl of bisque all over Buzz, Becky just begged for a box.
Beck applied to join an organized movement with funny detox techniques.
Bizarre men just put toxic mercury (known as quicksilver) into Hugh's food.
Dips will have no effect on fixing your broken trapezius muscle, Jacques.
Does Jazzy Jeff or Beck deserve a display at the wax museum? Good question.
Downing shots of Mexican tequila, Billy Joe realized nirvana. Then puked.
For your own safety, consult the revised & expanded FAQ before making jazz.
Forgive me; I frequently mix up B. Franklin & T. Jefferson. Which was the 3d prez?
Have expertly blackened catfish with amazing piquant cajun seasoning.
Hey Jezebel, are you positive you clicked "follow" on my exquisite Tumblog?
I have quite enjoyed blowing my expense account on kamikazes and reefer!
I joke about the quivering Texans 'cuz I'm a partisan of the Dallas Cowboys.
I know why ox-herding is a beautiful Japanese Zen device to quiet the mind.
I realize conquistadors were extreme, but I love their big, poofy jackets.
I'm frequently jailed for publicizing how to sneak from Mexico to Nevada.
In Ben Hur, Judah (Chuck Heston) expertly zooms by a few rivals in a quadriga.
In cross-examination, Jeff Z.'s lawyer kept questioning about his divorce.
In the amazingly expansive Moby Dick, he wrote about Queequeg's idol Yojo.
In the Village, I performed with Joe Cocker, but the sixties are quite hazy.
Jack W. handled the bottle expertly. (It's very apt to squirt amazingly fast.)
Jacquie accessorized with a fancy bag, but her smock looked inexpensive.
Javier squirmed at the spelling bee, for he knew there's not any "x" in "eczema."
Jeff & Al were quite ready to break out the Express Pass on TV's Amazing Race.
Keep overusing fertilizer and the water quality will become just toxic.
Kevin Z. planned squatting next to a water hydrant but a fireman objected.
Key Xmas requirement: Charlie Brown's friends dancing to jazz piano on TV.
Maladjusted monkeys throwing poo qualifies as excessive zoo behavior.
Mary is extolled as Queen of Heaven, a crazy job as that place is wicked big.
Mick oozed disfavor explaining about "a squirmy dog who's just had her day."
Mickey believes squooshed text jeopardizes the font's careful drawing.
My few excellent jumpers organized themselves into a basketball squad.
Names like Bix were quite common among jazz hipsters around 'thirty-five.
Never forget: Jamiroquai's a key exception to the no-British-acid-jazz law.
Prez Hoover is acknowledged as a jerky executive, but his dam is quite fab.
Quite a seventies sitcom exit: as Fonzie, Henry Winkler jumped big sharks.
Steubenville, in Jefferson Cty., Ohio, was mid-sized but quickly expanding.
The crazy placekicker, when given job offers: "Extend my contract or I quit."
The Energizer bunny was pilfered from Quik mix's jumpy seventies mascot.
The quest of Jimmy (the ex-designer): to stop viewing Bezier curves on walks.
The track veers between John's fuzz, Paul's exquisite melody, & George's solo.
Vic's bizarre joke: paddling a canoe & quoting lines from "Highway Sixty-One."
Watch Fox beauty queens covering politics? I'd rather jam a kazoo in my eye.
What a joke: I zipped a squirrel into my carry-on bag before leaving for LAX.
Why did she rebuff my quality pick-up line: "Me Tarzan, expert in jungle love!"?
Wil squeezed into his jeans like a(n exceptionally uncomfortable) glove.
Will you quit the fake English expressions ("by jove," "zounds," "my dear boy," etc.)?
With our excellent quality pizzas & brewed java, emerge well fed and awake.
WMDs justified the big Iraq incursion--an excessive and klutzy response.
You just require these exciting new engraved biz cards to impress folks.
Zantac: eat Mexican grub. Marijuana: watch Koyaanisqatsi DVD. LSD: Flip out.
"Being a powerful, evil guy isn't just the conquering!" King Zarkon exclaimed.
"I'm not a sexual deviant, but I go quite crazy when tied up," Jeff acknowledged.
"Polly want a Ritz," the brand-conscious parrot squawked, "Just fix me a V-Eight!"
"Simply exfoliating would've taken care of zits," the beauty queen rejoined.
"The queen just dazzles," exclaimed the vapid royalist when before the king.
A sequestered jury, reviewing the claims for exoneration, broke for pizza.
A very quick wintry mix Friday: drive the Jeep to the zoo. Clearing by Sunday.
Bazooka Joe's fancy burlesque show impressed even this heterosexual guy.
Bizarre request: I've found picking my nose while having sex a major turn-on.
Call him a quack, but since that Dr. Jones zapped me with X-rays I've felt great.
Candle wax and memorized biblical quotes just kept flying at the revival.
Enjoy the meal Vicky B. just fixed in sequence, starting with the appetizer.
Examining evidence, I saw a zipper on the back of the jerry-built "sasquatch."
Frankly, I find it not just puzzling, but quite offensive when you call me "Ox."
He just played Squeeze's "Black Coffee in Bed" & XTC's "Senses Working Overtime."
His job was making inexpensive pizza sauce from low-quality ingredients.
I asked for five boxes of Pez and Juicy Fruit, but my request was laughed off.
I exploded in laughs when I heard about Jay making the cover of GQ magazine.
I have been wanting a copy of ex-con Jim Quillen's book "Alcatraz from Inside."
I realized J-M. Basquiat's crowns over figures express their kingly nature.
I'd just like everyone to realize who blogs pangrams of excellent quality.
If I owed taxes, byzantine regulations required that I pay via jumbo check.
If the Vikings played the Jazz at baseball, exactly who would conquer whom?
In Bo's judgment, "No Quarter" was an excellent heavy track from Led Zeppelin.
Jack B. quit viewing Mr. Rogers after the unexpected fly-unzipping episode.
Jacques realized only five or six of his students knew basic programming.
Jail provides lazy folks humble lodging, quiet downtime, & an exercise yard.
Je parle francais, parlez-vouz? I know pourquoi means why; deux, two; grand, big.
Jeb's lovely wife is irked to realize her sexy quotes are on my MySpace page.
Jenny M. expressed doubt about vaccines working. Realize: she's quite a fool.
Josephine Baker was a dancer; Quincy, a TV forensic examiner; Zappa, a legend.
Joy extrapolated that zombies were an inevitable consequence of hiking.
My former executives couldn't quit Bejeweled on their pocket organizers.
Overlord: Piqued by Nazi flags, on June sixth, we attacked Normandy beaches.
Pasquale just whipped up zabaglione from six egg yolks & leftover Moscato.
Q. brought his ax, which is key to performing at "Jazz at the Village Vanguard."
Quick explanation: A pangram has every letter of the alphabet, even j, w, and z.
Quivering, I expected to make a way to OZ, but found it was just a lightswitch.
Requesting calm, zookeeper Jeff warned everyone about the missing xerus.
Strangely, aerobic exercise doesn't quite work with improvised free jazz.
Studying abnormal freak sex, Quinn realized he would never major in Psych.
Texas's major-league ball squad played Nelson Cruz vs. a few Yanks pitchers.
The fight between Joy & Liz P. is like the six-million-dollar man vs. Sasquatch.
The joke-filled Broadway production of Quiz Show garnered mixed reviews.
The Minnesota Vikings were frequently adjusting to unexpected blitzes.
The poetry expert made Jack invent a quatrain (four-line stanza) about wigs.
The Who's "Squeeze-box": pop/rock; Jimmy Cliff's "Many Rivers to Cross": old reggae.
Unable to find sex even at an orgy, Jack P. realized that he should quit women.
Virginia, the adorable Shih-Tzu pup, is just flummoxed by a squeaky chew-toy.
When she decried sexual inequality in movies, Jennifer Lopez had her back.
Why Mark Zuckerberg feels tax incentives are required: he enjoys capital.
Yahoo! executives acquiring Flickr had one job: make passwords work. Crazy!
You will realize that selling BVDs requires major out-of-pocket expenses.
Zoe Q. thinks Forrest Gump writers deserve execution by lethal injection.
 Zack J.'s always quoting excerpts from "The Revolution Will Not be Televised."
"It may be an acquired taste" acknowledged Josh as he served bizarre fox soup.
Aquatennial joke: The amazing festival had excellent bratwurst displays!
Before quitting his Domino's Pizza job, the warlock put a hex on my anchovies.
Criticizing people must be executed in a fair way. I quake over hatchet jobs.
Dizzy's playing unequivocal jazz at the Onyx Club, a former speakeasy on W. 52nd.
Ex-partner Garfunkel realized he was very jealous of Simon's black Quattro.
Example names for vomit: blow, puke, sneeze chunks, liquid laugh, Jersey yodel.
Few even realize: to pick a lock requires dexterity, but to jimmy it, strength.
Fox TV was just blaming Prez Barack for the sequester tragedy.
Good gravy! I expected a hike of joblessness subsequent to the amazing laws.
Haz(z)ard: Bo Duke required excellent vision shooting arrows from jumpy car.
I finally realized when Pasquale exclaimed "King Cojones!" he meant I'm brave.
I realize squads with byes, like the Falcons & Pats, enjoy having time to relax.
I recognized in Jacques Tati's movie a Marxist symbol of the workers' plight.
I've quit Kappa Rho--I realized frats were treating women only as sex objects.
If the party nominates Cruz it would be quite an expensive mistake, I'd judge.
In "Go Policewoman!" (a crazy X-rated film), a lesbian hooker joins the vice squad.
In Qix, the object to avoid was a pure line instead of a crazed monkey or ghost.
In the movie, Brody faced Jaws equipped only with a pressurized oxygen tank.
Informed that Prez Calvin expired, a big jokester queried "how can they tell?"
J.P. squinted at females in sexy bikinis: would any be crazy enough to love him?
Jacques realized Williams' poetry about fire truck five was exhilarating.
Jeff's quiz revealed that almost nobody knew who wrote Great Expectations!
Joyce's wrestling exhibition requires a dozen vats of pumpkin pie filling.
Music, to Jo: squealing tires, honking drivers, and the buzz of the expressway.
My amazing bald pate shines like the extravagant jewelled crown of a queen.
My friend's quite a sexist pig, always making jokes about how wives are crazy.
Neglecting to bring mosquito spray jeopardized the excavation for weeks.
OK Judge, exactly what quantity of bribes might convince you I win the prize?
P. Falk's technique: moves to exit, lowers a beady gaze, says "just one more thing..."
Pavel exclaimed jokes that the ditzy blonde was a few quarts shy of a gallon.
Pure exaggeration: Michael J. made every basket as a Wizard before quitting.
Quetzal feathers: five or six hundred bucks. Wearing my jumpsuit: priceless.
Side effects may include wheezing, quaking, loss of job, & explosive diarrhea.
Squeeze in my gut but reflection just appears awkward. Is the mirror convex?
The fracking company convinced Suzy Q. that flammable water was just a hoax.
The July figures were down but I realize we can expect to make up revenue in Q4.
The squad just made a few points but they've got exactly zero left in the tank.
The work visa is required to extend your trip in Zambia--or face going to jail!
To extract the blockages from my vulture's gizzard will require major pain.
We'd expect frequent, involuntary jerking motions from abusing Zithromax.
Zimmerman's band rocked "Queen Jane Approximately" from Highway 61 Revisited.
"Selleck's sizeable moustache was impressive," exclaimed my friend Jacques G.
Before quitting the prez job, Ike reviewed the military-industrial complex.
Classic albums: Jethro Tull's Aqualung Live, Frank Zappa's Roxy and Elsewhere
DJ Jazzy Jeff gave some kickin' lines but now is no equal to the ex-Fresh Prince.
Even a marine zoologist couldn't explain a squid with a jellyfish on its back.
Examine Caspar David Friedrich's sketch-jobs—frequently with zero figures.
Extracting blood from fossilized mosquitos paved the way to Jurassic Park.
Frequent jokes by clowns are jeopardizing the expensive mission to Uranus.
Frequently, David kept exclaiming that weird stuff about Major T. and Ziggy S.
I expected the big DJ to play Creedence Clearwater Revival's remake of "Suzy Q."
I fantasized that J. Buckley played excellent guitar on the "Quincy, M.E." TV show.
I quickly realized the jars of strawberry preserves made an excellent gift.
I realized quick sex images in the TV ad just made me want more Fruity Pebbles.
I squeezed into my jeans before discovering the key: expandable waistlines.
I'd frequently put on my big-size Relax shirt and watch T. J. Hooker & The Love Boat.
I'm not expecting Kevin's bid for a Moustache Prize, a fuzzy jawline, to qualify.
Jack Q. never realized dependence on bechamel during sex was dysfunctional.
Jeff Query was added to the mix of able receivers in the Packer organization.
Jeff went through books criticizing every question and exclamation point.
Jo explained that visiting Kentucky was equivalent to being frozen in time.
John required a clever way to ask for marriage: a banner affixed to a zeppelin.
Just gaze upon the New York City five: Bklyn, Queens, the Bronx, S.I., and Manhattan.
Kim realized when Jacques wrote "There is no 'hors-texte,'" he was being very flip.
Knowing Q- and Z-words is exceptionally helpful for Jim's Scrabble victories.
Muddle six breakfast patties with soju, freeze in liquid NO2, anchovy garnish.
Nixon subsequently realized just making light of Watergate proved costly.
Quinn would major in biology except that he freaked at the sight of every zit.
Request: Zappa's Beatles cover w/ mentions of "naughty boys" & "jokers" expurgated.
Rick Springfield quality: his "Living in Oz" album wasn't exactly "Jessie's Girl."
Thankfully I got my jumpy, crazed ex-wife to squoosh her stress-reliever ball.
Very fun jokes include Tim the Wizard and nobody expecting the Inquisition.
View the exquisite toes of Daphne--looks like she's just becoming a tree. Crazy!
Xenophobic white folks just dismayed Equatorial Guinea's native citizens.
"I journey to make sexy dance at the Plaza lobby," the goofy Iraqi traveler swore.
"You know, I could gaze at beach volleyball players forever," exclaimed Jacques.
Ackroyd's job: Czechoslovakian hoping to get acquainted with American foxes.
Baroque master Gian Lorenzo carved Apollo by the light of wax candles, no joke!
Blind date jive explained: "with personality" means ugly kook; "fun" equals crazy.
Criticizing the New York Jets, I proved myself to be the modern-day Don Quixote.
Didja know the very-high-IQ prisoner "Birdman of Alcatraz" was nearly executed?
Excuse me, do you realize I've blogged 100 pangrams within just a quick five months?
Frequent travelers keep exchanging bills, trying to adjust to new time zones.
Frivolous Jewish rule example: no skateboarding in the Nazareth city square.
HAL quickly examined whether Frank's behavior might jeopardize the mission.
Hanging up condoms on the rear-view of a Jaguar XK qualifies you as a sleazebag.
Hazard of marrying geeks: comix and Japanese sequential art come before vows.
I can't prove Jesus's existence, realized Mike, but my faith requires knowing it!
I often quibble over wording, like "corn maze" (redundant) & "jumbo shrimp" (oxymoron).
I put a jillion quarters into the Zaxxon game, yet I wouldn't loan you five bucks!
I quickly realized that Lou Gramm's fever & blood temp isn't sexy, just worrisome.
If the earth quakes, I've realized experts say to dig your claws into a doorjamb.
In my boxers I'm using quite a lot of powder that deodorizes & relieves jock itch.
Just followed my bizarre recipe for vegetarian ribs—I think quite excellent.
Keaton, who's joined by a galaxy of stars, acts in a sequel of Puzo's mobster movie.
Loquacious Judy excites beginners with verses from "Thus Spake Zarathustra."
Mexican tequila, just a dash of key lime bitters, fizzy water. Serve straight up.
My consequence of breaking into a Pizza Hut was six mos. in Juvenile Detention.
On Apollo Eleven's journey, Neil coaxed quiet Buzz into forgoing the moonwalk.
On my exotic journey, I realized plucking aquatic birds' feathers was abusive.
Qing emperor Kangxi vowed that China would be just fine under his son Yinzhen.
We required seven large boxes of zippers from YYK, the Japanese manufacturer.
Well, time to remove my frock, sip hazelnut liqueur, & play "Ninja Gaiden" on my X-Box!
Zack just loved Pavement's line on being an extra in the sequel to your own life.
Zeus was quite a foxy Greek god. His job was sleeping with women at every chance.
"Quoth the raven," then blank. "I forgot the word," Poe explained, "just because I'm lazy."
"Where will I study for the language exam? Peut-être à la bibliothèque!" Vic Z. joked.
Acquiring exact vows from the prez candidates is like nailing jelly to a board.
Amazingly awkward conversation opener: "Here's my soon-to-be-ex-wife Jacqueline."
Buzz resolved to keep quiet concerning a few extraterrestrials he met in July 1969.
Conquistadors in Mexico believed the Aztecs' paltry gods were fake, Jesus real.
Ex-con types are frequently embarrassed to acknowledge they love Jazzercise.
Feeney's Shotz job was quality control, but she got mixed up with the glove prank.
Headquartered in exotic New Zealand, the Japanese banker forgot to save money.
I experienced a jaguar from the zoo attacking a beaver with quite pointy claws.
I just love Zoey but the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy film was quite painful.
In Brazil, Romani are very frequently joked about as "Gypsies," which is an exonym.
It's "Jump on a zebra's back" day! (Not everyone will qualify for this exciting offer.)
Jack never realized mixing tequila & honey was going to be a recipe for disaster.
Jack Tripper was quite excited to move in with the ditzy blonde & her girlfriend.
Jazz came to a bar & asked for liquor, but the guy explained: "We don't serve your type."
Jeff & Kevin wanted to enroll in Zoology but it had six Chemistry prerequisites.
Jesuit Francis Xavier embarked from Lisbon, Portugal on his way to Mozambique.
Jo always expected that the city of Shiraz was in Iraq, but mistakes were a given.
Jobs of the sixties: read "Zap"; question authority; smoke weed; challenge Vietnam.
Lazy, high-maintenance drama queens deserve ex-jock boyfriends on power kicks.
Never question Zoe's jumping ability: she can hurdle six feet without blinking!
Ogilvy execs realize that marketing junk food to boys requires Power Rangers.
On Yom Kippur, observant Jews quietly read texts from Ezekiel, then chant to God.
Oz is known for Cooper Black; Jim revealed that Light is also excellent quality.
Peg's "six of one, half dozen of the other" joke meant two choices may be equivalent.
Possible side effects may include frequent vomiting, oozing earwax, jock itch.
Reward quiet behavior of six-year-old girls with Pokemon cards, pizza, and juice.
Vexed with a family of loquacious kibitzers, Pa just can't get a word in edgewise.
We judged it crazy that a rave required a police car, a fire truck, & six ambulances.
Which is more Japanese: a lacquer box, or a Zen garden of rocks and gravel in Kyoto?
"A pox on you, by Jove," exclaimed the inebriated delinquent, walking off in zigzags.
A hygienist observed excess plaque between my teeth. I realized floss is no joke.
Andy Warhol's boxes made every critic question if he's a genius, or just a lazy punk.
Excessive drinking can have awful consequences, realized Jimbo P. regretfully.
Falling at jump six, Bo realized his equestrian skills were not at Olympic level.
Frequently, a pizza oven's bricks withstand temps in excess of a jillion degrees.
Having mind just "like water" is my focus. Expert Suzuki's book is required reading.
High off sweets: Pez dispensers are crack, Coke is liquid mary jane, Dove bars are X.
I know the hexadecimal equivalent of twelve is 'C', but eighty-four just puzzles me.
I quit jicama when I realized sexual promiscuity is linked to funny vegetables.
I wagered Chick's Spanish Heart is the quintessential jazz album of 'seventy-six.
If, like me, you just love chimps, the Bronx Zoo beats anything in Queens hands down.
It's crazy to think that Francis Xavier gambled on acquiring followers in Japan.
Judge Hodgman often explains: requiring somebody to like what you love is crazy.
Just before drinking Ouzo liqueur, mix it with cola. Served straight up, it's nasty.
My Jazzercise warmup includes quite unexpected things like Beethoven's fifth.
Quinn expects to enjoy college, but jeez does he fret with having to make choices!
The bizarre film Red Dawn had Jacques thinking he should expect the Soviet Army.
Unforgettably, panic waves just made Mika squander chance at one and six zeroes.
Wanda deserved to be judged quilting bee champion for her crazy X-rated blanket.
We frequently joked about Delacroix's amazing Algiers canvas: "the Happy Hookah."
Within the magic quartz fortress, a vision of Jor El explained Krypton to the boy.
After Roxy Music, Eno did "Warm Jets" on the E.G. label, with Zatecky's queer cover photo.
Czolgosz fired at McKinley. He was quickly proven culpable to a jury and executed.
I never realized the hymnal would be full of songs about Jesus's Dos Equis six-pack!
Lazy examiners frequently made poor misbehaving patients wear straitjackets.
Nixon would frequently find it amazing that he couldn't just cover up the break-in.
Old conjunctivitis RX: go home, take a squeeze of Bacitraycin, wear a patch over eye.
Ted Cruz's quixotic attempts to overturn Barack's healthcare laws are just goofy.
The sequestered jury realized the exploited bloke vowing innocence was framed.
Warren Gamaliel Harding proves to be an exceptionally inadequate joke of a prez.
Were any sex-starved college kids part of the jazzercise program? About a quarter.
"The only crime with Benghazi is the GOP's joke of an investigation!" exclaimed Quinn.
Aztec warriors kept bloody hearts in a "quauhxicalli" vessel in the form of a jaguar.
Before playing Sookie, New Zealand's Anna Paquin acted in Jane Eyre & the X-Men movies.
Buddhist zinger: Poor Jesus even forgave the crucifixion. Now that's quality karma!
Crazy that frequent streakers somehow avoid being charged with exposure & jailed!
Even while I adjust my expectations higher, you keep amazing me. I request: be my wife.
Experiencing hazy days freaked Jacques out since the movie about global warming.
I realized the "never expected the Spanish Inquisition" joke was becoming unfunny.
In J. D.'s exquisite, moving "Catcher in the Rye," he flunks out, goes to the zoo with Phoebe.
Javier, did you know that Gill's bizarre fancy did not exclude domestic quadrupeds?
Pow! Jack earned a BA degree in "comix & sequential art" from the University of Arizona.
Weaving baskets in the pool, Quinn finally realized a major in which he could excel.
When in NY, have Zabar's bagels, lox. In Jersey, go for McDonald's quarter pounder, shake.
With a very zany lexicon, Jim wrote quite a book: "Portrait of the Designer as a Whacko."
"Robert's Rules" declares we need a quorum  of sixty-eight just to vote in the zookeeper.
Barack Obama's amazing Change.gov website affixes quality design to peace & justice.
Box office injustice: wimpy "Skull" sequel earned more than amazing "Raiders" ever did.
Careful! Always utilize regular expressions when making database queries in Java.
Conquistadors judged Aztecs of Mexico wily savages: pots calling the kettle black!
Exceedingly pitiful at holding her liquor, Zeta-Jones blew chunks all over the limo.
Roosevelt's major buzzword: "Square Deal." His maxim: "Speak softly and carry a big stick."
Subsequent to his tax-making presidency, oversized Taft was selected to be Justice.
Tennis champ Navratilova won by racquet, boxer Ali with gloves, prez JFK behind desk.
Though seventy, puffy, and wrinkled, the queen remained sexy to her citizen-subjects.
Verily, Arthur seized the weapon Excalibur from the stone, & knights joined his quest.
We amazing Japanese ninjas require training in a variety of unorthodox black arts.
Zappa & Mercury (Queen) had flowing locks in the seventies; the sixties had Jagger's bob.
"Quit hogging the fuzzy blanket!" the Chief Justice exclaimed to Vice President Agnew.
Peeved Ripley's quickly zooming the double-jawed extraterrestrial out of the hatch.
Back in the sixties, why did I drive a magenta jeep & listen to Zappa? Because of Quaaludes.
