JOURNALIST: Again, I was on my way to London, through towns and villages that
Were blackened ruins, totally silent, desolate, deserted. Man's empire had passed away,
Taken swiftly and without error, by these creatures who were composed entirely of
Brain. Unhampered by the complex systems which make up man, they made and used
Different bodies according to their needs. They never tired, never slept and never
Suffered, having long since eliminated from their planet the bacteria which cause all
Fevers and other morbidities.

ARTILLERYMAN: Halt! Who goes there?

JOURNALIST: Er - friend.

ARTILLERYMAN: Be on your way. This is my territory.

JOURNALIST: Your territory? What do you mean?

ARTILLERYMAN: Wait a minute - it's you! The man from Maybury Hill!

JOURNALIST: Good heavens! The Artilleryman! I thought you surely burned.

ARTILLERY MAN: I thought you surely drowned.

JOURNALIST: Have you seen any Martians?

ARTILLERYMAN: Everywhere. We're done for all right.

JOURNALIST: We can't just give up.

ARTILLERYMAN: Course we can't. It's now we've got to start fighting - but not
Against them 'cause we can't win. Now we've got to fight for survival, and I reckon we can
Make it. I've got a plan.

ARTILLERYMAN: We're gonna build a whole new world for ourselves. Look, they
Clap eyes on us and we're dead, right?

So we gotta make a new life where they'll never find us. You know where?
Underground.

You should see it down there - hundreds of miles of drains - sweet and clean now after
The rain, dark, quiet, safe. We can build houses and everything, start again from scratch.

And what's so bad about living underground eh? It's not been so great living up here, if
You want my opinion.

Take a look around you at the world we've come to know
Does it seem to be much more than a crazy circus show
But maybe from the madness something beautiful will grow
In a brave new world

With just a handful of men

We'll start - we'll start all over again - all over again - all over again - all over again

We'll build shops and hospitals and barracks right under their noses - right under their
Feet! Everything we need - banks, prisons and schools... We'll send scouting parties to
Collect books and stuff, and men like you'll teach the kids. Not poems and rubbish -
Science, so we can get everything working. We'll build villages and towns and... and...
We'll play each other at cricket! Listen, maybe one day we'll capture a Fighting Machine,
Eh? Learn how to make 'em ourselves and then wallop! Our turn to do some wiping out!
Whoosh with our Heat Ray - Whoosh! And them running and dying, beaten at their own
Game. Man on top again!

Now our domination of the Earth is fading fast
And out of the confusion the chance has come at last
To build a better future from the ashes of the past

In a brave new world
With just a handful of men
We'll start all over again

Look - Man is born in freedom but he soon becomes a slave
In cages of convention from the cradle to the grave
The weak fall by the wayside but the strong will be saved

In a brave new world
With just a handful of men
We'll start all over again

I'm not trying to tell you what to be
Oh no, oh no, not me
But if mankind is to survive
The people left alive
They're gonna have to build this world anew
And it's going to have to start with me and you

Yes!

I'm not trying to tell you what to be
Oh no, oh no, not me
But if mankind is to survive
The people left alive
They're gonna have to build this world anew
Yes and we will have to be the chosen few

Just think of all the poverty, the hatred and the lies
And imagine the destruction of all that you despise
Slowly from the ashes the phoenix will arise

In a brave new world
With just a handful of men
We'll start all over again

Take a look around you at the world you've loved so well
And bid the ageing empire of man a last farewell
It may not sound like Heaven but at least it isn't Hell

It's a brave new world
With just a handful of men
We'll start - we'll start all over again - all over again - all over again - all over again.

I've got a plan!

Can't you just see it? Civilization starting all over again - a second chance. We'll even
Build a railway and tunnel to the coast, go there for our holidays. Nothing can stop men
Like us. I've made a start already. Come on down here and have a look.

JOURNALIST: In the cellar was a tunnel scarcely ten yards long, that had
Taken him a week to dig. I could have dug that much in a day, and I suddenly had
My first inkling of the gulf between his dreams and his powers.

ARTILLERYMAN: It's doing the workin' and the thinkin' that wears a feller out. I'm
Ready for a bit of a rest. How about a drink eh? Nothing but champagne, now I'm the
Boss.

JOURNALIST: We drank and then he insisted upon playing cards. With our species on
The edge of extermination, with no prospect but a horrible death, we actually played
Games.

Later, he talked more of his plan, but I saw flames flashing in the deep blue night. Red
Weed glowing, tripod figures moving distantly - and I put down my champagne glass. I
Felt a traitor to my kind and I knew I must leave this strange dreamer.

ARTILLERYMAN: Take a look around you at the world we've come to know Does it
Seem to be much more than a crazy circus show Maybe from the madness something
Beautiful will grow...
