"Look at the bargains over here, ladies"

If I was your girlfriend, would you remember
To tell me all the things you forgot when I was your man?
Hey hey, when I was your man

If I was your best friend, would you let me
Take care of you
And do all the things that only a best friend can?
Oh, only best friends can

If I was your girlfriend
If I was your girlfriend

If I was your girlfriend, would you let me dress you
I mean, help you pick out your clothes before we go out?
Not that you're helpless
But sometime, sometime those are the things that bein' in love's about

And if I was your one and only friend
Would you run to me if somebody hurt you
Even if that somebody was me?
(Even if that somebody was me?) Yeah
Sometimes I trip on how happy we could be, please

If I was your girlfriend
If I was your girlfriend

Would you let me wash your hair?
Could I make you breakfast sometime?
Well then, could we just hang out
I mean, could we go to a movie and cry together?
'Cause to me baby, that would be so fine (that would be so fine)

(If I was your girlfriend)
Baby, can I dress U
I mean, help you pick out your clothes before we go out?
(If I was your girlfriend)
Listen girl, I ain't sayin' you're helpless
But sometime, sometime
Those are the things that bein' in love's about
(Shoo-do-do, shoo-do-do)
(If I was your girlfriend)
Sugar, do you know what I'm saying 2 U this evening?
Maybe you think I'm being a little self-centered
But I, I said I wanna be all of the things you are 2 me
Surely, surely you can see

(If I was your girlfriend)
Is it really necessary 4 me 2 go out of the room
Just because you wanna undress?
(If I was your girlfriend)
We don't have 2 make children 2 make love
(If I was your girlfriend)
And we don't have 2 make love 2 have an orgasm
(If I was your girlfriend)
Your body's what I'm all about
(If I was your girlfriend)
Can I see it?
I'll show U
Why not?
U can do it because I'm your friend
I'd do it 4 U
Of course I'd undress in front of U
And when I'm naked, what shall I do?
(If I was your girlfriend)
How can I make you see that it's cool?
Can't you just trust me?
If I was your girlfriend, U could
(If I was your girlfriend)
Oh yeah, I think so
Listen, 4 U naked I would dance a ballet
Would that get you off?
(If I was your girlfriend)
Tell me what will
If I was your girlfriend, would you tell me?
(If I was your girlfriend)
Would you let me see you naked then?
Would you let me give U a bath?
(If I was your girlfriend)
Would you let me tickle you so hard U'd laugh and laugh
And would U, would you let me kiss you
(If I was your girlfriend) there
U know, down there where it counts
I'll do it so good, I swear I'll drink every ounce
And then I'll hold you tight and hold you long
And 2gether we'll stare into silence

And we'll try 2 imagine what it looks like
Yeah, we'll try 2 imagine what, what silence looks like
Yeah, we'll... we'll try 2 imagine what silence looks like
Yeah, we'll try
