The greatest romance that's ever been sold.

So what do you know you and me
Finally face to face
Checkin' each other up and down
In all the obvious places
Was there ever a reason
For us to be apart?
The air that fills up this room
Says not hardly

So this is where you end
And you and I begin
(This is where you and I, you and I begin)
The greatest romance that's ever been sold
The greatest romance that's ever been sold

Baby, baby
Now your mind is open
To poetry seldom heard
Your heart has never been broken
Until you've heard these words
"Your body was designed to respond to mine
In spite of your desire to mold me"

And in the middle of it all
We kiss and like rain we fall (Like rain, we fall)

Into the greatest romance that's ever been sold
Baby
Oh baby, baby
The greatest romance that's ever been sold.

Oh, oh I know you feel me, I know that you can dance (Help)
But what do you know about the greatest romance?
Not what you think but what you believe (Tell me)
What was the real reason that Adam never left Eve?
And if the truth sounds like a memory
Then you know it was meant to be (meant to be)
Leave your inhibitions behind
Come on, come on let's see (What? Why?)
So this is where you end (This is where you end)
And you and I begin (You...)

The greatest romance that's ever been sold
The greatest romance that's ever been sold
(Uh huh, uh huh)

I know you can feel me (I know), I know you can dance
But what do you know about the greatest romance?
(The greatest romance that's ever been sold)
Not what you think but what you believe
Can you tell me the real reason that Adam never left Eve?

The greatest (greatest) romance (romance) Listen to me
Uh, you brought me the grapes from the vine (oh yes you did)
The greatest romance (can I talk to you?) that's ever been sold
Listen, if you help me to remember the secrets of time
And you, you, you, you offer me your love, your love, your love so divine
And in return girl, in return I will surrender
Oh yeah
I will surrender, oh yes I will

The greatest romance that's ever been sold
